Referees for the 2006 FIFA World Cup .
GDE may refer to : Global Design Effort , a team tasked with designing the International Linear ColliderGlycogen debranching enzyme , a molecule that helps facilitate the breakdown of glycogenGNOME Desktop EnvironmentGode Airport , in EthiopiaGoogle Developer Expert , a certification by GoogleGude language , spoken in Nigeria and CameroonGungahlin Drive Extension , a road project in Canberra , Australia
The Standard Rex rabbit is a breed of European rabbit ( Oryctolagus cuniculus ) that has developed to have short dense plush velvet-like fur.The Rex is a medium-sized rabbit with a commercial , round body and an ideal weight range of 7.5 -- 10.5 pounds ( 3.4 -- 4.8 kg ) , although females can weigh as much as 10.5 pounds ( 4.8 kg ) .
The Rex has a slightly broader head than other breeds of rabbit , proportionate upright ears , and proportionally smaller feet .
As with most larger breeds , the female ( doe ) has a dewlap , a large flap of skin under the chin .
History and origin The Rex is a variety of rabbit that exhibits plush fur that is often described as having a velvety texture .
The breed originated in France in 1919 .
Its origin was a litter of wild gray rabbits and has been developed over the years by fanciers and the fur industry .
The Rex Rabbit was first shown publicly at the Paris International Rabbit Show in 1924 and has been recognized as a standard breed in parts of Europe since 1925 .
The Rex was first imported to the United States in 1924 following the Paris International Rabbit Show by American rabbit pioneer John C. Fehr and his partner Alfred Zimmerman .
Genetics Many genes contribute to the Standard Rex breed .
The definition of the breed is maintained by ARBA .
The definition is based strictly on phenotype .
The gross external features used identify the rabbit include weight , coloration , coat texture and length .
Of these features , amongst fanciers and the fur industry , the coat properties are of chief concern .
This breed has a low to moderate activity level and can jump as high as three feet .
Fur The word rex ( with a lowercase ' r ' ) refers to the unique characteristics of an animal 's " rexed " fur .
The result of a specific genetic mutation that is now deliberately sought in the Rex rabbit breeds , rex fur lacks the longer guard hairs typical of the more common short-furred animal .
Each hair in a rex coat is evenly short in length and , because of the density of those hairs , rex fur is often described as plush or velvety .
Three varieties of rex fur now exist : standard rex fur , short curly rex fur ( as in the Astrex ) , and long curly rex fur ( as in the Opposum ) .
Varieties The Rex Rabbit is available in many different colors.There are clubs for fanciers of particular rabbits and Standard Rex is no exception .
Modern development Currently , Rex Rabbits are kept as pets , as show rabbits , and for fur and meat production .
The Rex remains the number one breed used in fur production for garments and toys as their fur lacks protruding guard hairs which in other breeds which must be shorn and plucked after the tanning process to resemble other animal furs .
The bulk of furs produced in the United States are more of a by-product to the primary purpose of meat production and are of lesser quality .
Meat production favors harvest of young animals ( 70 -- 84 days ) which is not sufficient time for the rabbit to grow a high quality adult fur .
The fur is best after 6 months and during the coldest part of the year .
The overwhelming number of furs produced in the USA are used in the creation of felt because the fur quality of commercially raised rabbits is of too low a quality for the garment trade .
See : Production of Rabbit Skins and Hair for Textiles Rex rabbit breeds Rex ( Standard ) Rex ( Miniature ) Rex ( Astrex ) Rex ( Opposum ) See also Domestic rabbitList of rabbit breedsHouse rabbitRabbit hairList of types of furFur farmingBritish Rabbit CouncilAmerican Rabbit Breeders ' Association References External links American Rabbit Breeders Association website 2014 .
National Rex Rabbit Club website 2013 .
Rex Rabbit Breed HistoryBreeds of RabbitsU.S.A Mini Rex club
Tonio Fenech ( born 5 May 1969 ) is a Maltese politician who has served in the government of Malta as Minister of Finance , Economy and Investment ( Maltese : Ministru għall-Finanzi , l-Ekonomija u l-Investiment ) from March 2008 till March 2013 .
He was Mayor of Birkirkara from 1998 to 2003 .
Education He received his primary education at the old St. Catherine 's High School , Sliema .
He subsequently received his secondary education ( 1979 -- 1986 ) and post-secondary education ( 1985 -- 1987 ) at St. Aloysius ' College , Birkirkara .
Tonio graduated in Management and Accountancy ( B.Com ) at the University of Malta , he then completed his B.A. ( Hons . )
Accountancy , in 1992 .
He is now a warranted Accountant and Auditor .
Career His first work experience was gained during the summer work phase in his Sixth Form years , on the factory floor at Multi Packaging Ltd. .
He joined Price Waterhouse in July 1993 .
Tonio 's initial years at Price Waterhouse , later PricewaterhouseCoopers , were in the audit practice , where he became a manager .
He subsequently moved to the management consultancy practice of the firm where he became a Senior Consultant .
Tonio had a number of international work experiences with the firm in Italy and Libya .
His audit experiences included the Instituto per le Opere Religiose ( IOR ) Vatican Bank .
Politics Fenech was elected as a Birkirkara local councillor in March 1996 to hold political office for the first time .
Following the 1998 general election , Fenech was elected Mayor of Birkirkara and held this post until April 2003 when he was elected to Parliament .
Tonio contested the local council elections three times .
In April 2003 , he was elected Member of Parliament representing the 8th electoral District , and was subsequently appointed as observer to the European Parliament between May 2003 and March 2004 .
He was then appointed Parliamentary Secretary in the Ministry of Finance by Prime Minister Lawrence Gonzi on 27 March 2004 .
Tonio Fenech played an important role in the Ministry of Finance , and he was one of the masterminds behind Malta 's accession in the EuroZone , particularly through the achievement of the Maastricht convergence criteria .
Tonio Fenech was also given responsibility for the successful termination of the contractual agreements and the termination of works at Mater Dei Hospital.Following the March 2008 general election , he was appointed as Minister of Finance , Economy and Investment on March 12 , 2008 .
Fenech was responsible for managing Malta 's economy throughout the international economic and financial crisis .
Despite these challenges , Malta 's economy continued to register growth , while the jobless rate remained among the lowest in the European Union .
Follow this Tonio Fenech was also responsible for undertaking significant national reforms , including the privatisation process at Malta Shipyards and a restructuring process at Air Malta .
References
Elections in Hawaii in 2006 .
Geographic information systems ( GIS ) ( also known as Geospatial information systems ) are computer software and hardware systems that enable users to capture , store , analyse and manage spatially referenced data .
GISs have transformed the way spatial ( geographic ) data , relationships and patterns in the world are able to be interactively queried , processed , analysed , mapped , modelled , visualised , and displayed for an increasingly large range of users , for a multitude of purposes .
Examples of GIS applications Uses of GIS range from indigenous people , communities , research institutions , environmental scientists , health organisations , land use planners , businesses , and government agencies at all levels.Some examples include : Crime mappingHistorical geographic information systemsGIS and HydrologyRemote sensing applicationsTraditional knowledge GISPublic Participation GISRoad networkingWastewater and stormwater systemsWaste management See also Geographic information systemChina Historical Geographic Information SystemCanada Geographic Information SystemElectronic Cultural Atlas InitiativeGISCorpsGreat Britain Historical GISSociety for Conservation GIS References
‹ See Tfd › Fontein ( Dutch for fountain ) is a village on the island of Aruba , located along the east coast of the island .
References
James Eugene " Jim " Snyder Jr. ( born June 30 , 1945 ) is an American author , attorney and politician .
He is a member of the Republican Party.He earned a bachelor 's degree in history from Wake Forest University in 1967 and a law degree there in 1970 .
While a student , Snyder played on the Wake Forest basketball team under Coach Bones McKinney.In 1971 , Snyder served in the North Carolina House of Representatives and he later chaired the Davidson County Republican Party.In 2002 , Snyder was the only major challenger to Elizabeth Dole in the Republican primary for United States Senate , garnering about 14 percent of the vote .
He ran for Lieutenant Governor of North Carolina in 2004 , winning the primary but losing the general election to Beverly Perdue .
In 2008 , Snyder filed to run for Lieutenant Governor again .
He was endorsed by former Governor James Holshouser , but was defeated by state Sen. Robert Pittenger in the May 2008 primary.Snyder is a prolific writer in corporation and insurance law , but has also published a novel and a book of prayers .
References External links Official website
‹ See Tfd › Lemsane is a town in the Batna Province of north-eastern Algeria .
Ouled Fayet is a suburb of the city of Algiers in northern Algeria .
Subodh Gupta ( born in 1964 ) is an Indian Contemporary artist based in New Delhi .
Trained as a painter , he went on to experiment with a variety of media .
His work encompasses sculpture , installation , painting , photography , performance and video .
He is married to artist Bharti Kher and is represented by Hauser & Wirth and Nature Morte , New Delhi .
He lives and works in Gurugram .
Early life and education Gupta was born one of seven children in Khagaul , in Patna , Bihar .
His father , a railway guard , died in his early forties , when Gupta was 12 .
His mother came from a farming family and sent Gupta to live with her brother for few years in a remote village .
“ Not a single school kid wore shoes , and there is no road to go to school .
Sometimes we stop in the field and we sit down and eat green chickpea 's before we go to school , " he said in an interview with Ginny Dougary for The Times . "
After leaving school , Gupta joined one of the four small theatre groups in Khagaul and worked as an actor for five years .
He also designed posters to advertise the plays , which is when it was first suggested that he go to art college .
He ended up working as a part-time newspaper designer and illustrator while studying at the College of Art , Patna ( from 1983-1988 ) .
The day he was offered a permanent job by the newspaper , he packed it in to try his luck in Delhi , where he was awarded a scholarship by a government-run initiative , and a space to work in the Garhi Studios , " wrote Dougary in her 2009 article " Subodh Gupta , India 's hottest new artist , talks about skulls , milk pails and cow dung . "
Gupta met artist Bharti Kher during his residency at Garhi .
They were soon married and had two children .
Work Gupta is best known for incorporating everyday objects that are ubiquitous throughout India , such as the steel tiffin boxes used by millions to carry their lunch as well as thali pans , bicycles , and milk pails .
From such ordinary items the artist produces sculptures that reflect on the economic transformation of his homeland and which relate to Gupta 's own life and memories .
As Gupta says : ' All these things were part of the way I grew up .
They are used in the rituals and ceremonies that were part of my childhood .
Indians either remember them from their youth , or they want to remember them . '
And : ' I am the idol thief .
I steal from the drama of Hindu life .
And from the kitchen - these pots , they are like stolen gods , smuggled out of the country .
Hindu kitchens are as important as prayer rooms . '
Gupta transforms the icons of Indian everyday life into artworks that are readable globally .
He is among a generation of young Indian artists whose commentary tells of a country on the move , fuelled by boiling economic growth and a more materialistic mindset .
Gupta 's strategy of appropriating everyday objects and turning them into artworks that dissolve their former meaning and function brings him close to artists like Duchamp ; The Guardian called him ' the Damien Hirst of Delhi . '
He succeeds in finding an art language that references India and at the same time can be appreciated for its aesthetic throughout world ; as Gupta says : ' Art language is the same all over the world .
Which allows me to be anywhere . '
One of his recent major works , consisting of Indian cooking utensils , is ' Line of Control ' ( 2008 ) , a colossal mushroom cloud constructed entirely of pots and pans .
The work was shown in the Tate Triennial at Tate Britain in 2009 and is currently exhibited at the Kiran Nadar Museum of Art in Delhi.Painting is also an important part of Subodh Gupta 's art practice .
His series ' Still Steal Steel ' consists of photorealistic paintings of kitchen utensils falling and moving in space .
In his early paintings , Gupta used another element of Indian every day life , cow dung .
This is used in India for building houses and as fuel for cooking fires .
Moreover , it is a cleaning agent .
The idea that cow dung is inherently clean is ingrained in rural India .
There , it is a purifying element , both ritual and symbolic .
In his video ' Pure ' ( 2000 , 9 min . )
, Gupta takes the detergent concept literally and has filmed himself taking a shower , to free himself of the thick layer of dung that covers his body.An earlier series of paintings is ' Saat Samunder Paar ' .
Baggages , migration and the " return home " have been enduring concerns of Subodh Gupta .
It is a theme that crystallised in works such as ' Across the Seven Seas ' ( 2006 ) where he uses baggage trolleys of modern airports to allude to the grim historical reality of migration from India , especially from his home state of Bihar.In works that Subodh Gupta presented at Hauser & Wirth in October 2009 , the artist moved away from composite sculptures toward objects that possess an auratic quality .
Ready-made commodities experience transformations in scale and material .
Relations to European art history were now to be found .
Among the new works is a three-dimensional reworking in bronze of Duchamp 's mustachioed Mona Lisa ' L.H.O.O.Q. ' ( 1919 ) .
His oil on canvas painting ' Saat Samundar Paar ' went under the hammer for Rs 34 million in the Saffronart autumn online auction .
In 2008 , he along with several other artists raised 39.3 million for Bihar flood victims.In 2010 , Gupta designed the stage set for the ballet CREATION 2010 by Angelin Preljocaj , the French choreographer .
The ballet was produced by the Bolshoi Theatre , Moscow , and the Ballet Preljocaj.Recent solo exhibitions include 2011 's ' Et Tu , Duchamp ' , at the KÖR am Kunsthalle in Vienna and ' A glass of water ' at Hauser & Wirth , New York.He has created a Banyan Tree from stainless steel which is kept in the National Gallery of Modern Art , New Delhi .
Selected Solo Exhibitions 2016Everyday Devine , National Gallery of Victoria ( NGV ) , Melbourne , Australia2015Seven Billion Light Years , Hauser & Wirth , New York , USA2014Everything is inside , MMK Museum für Moderne Kunst , Frankfurt am Main , Germany2013Everything is inside , National Gallery of Modern Art , New Delhi , India2011A glass of water , Hauser & Wirth , New York , USA Sara Hildén Art Museum , Tampere , Finland2010Faith Matters , PinchukArtCentre , Kiev , Ukraine Take off your shoes and wash your hands , Tramway , Glasgow , UK ; Arario Gallery , Cheonan , Korea ; Arario Gallery , Seoul , Korea Et tu , Duchamp , KÖR Kunst im öffentlichen Raum Kunsthalle Wien project space , Vienna , Austria ; Gallery Nature Morte , New Delhi , India ; Hauser & Wirth , Zurich , Switzerland2009Common Man , Hauser & Wirth , London , UK Line of Control , The Gallery of Modern Art , Brisbane , Australia2008Still Steal Steel , Jack Shainman Gallery , New York City There is always Cinema , Galleria Continua , San Gimignano , Italy Line of Control , Arario Beijing , China2007Start.Stop , Bodhi Art Gallery , Bombay Silk Route , Baltic Art Centre , Newcastle upon Tyne , UK Idol Thief , IN SITU - Fabienne Leclerc , Paris , France2006Hungry God , Gallery Nature Morte , New Delhi Artes Mundi Prize , Cardiff National Museum , UK2005Jootha , IN SITU - Fabienne Leclerc , Paris , France I go home every single day , Jack Shainman Gallery , New York , USA Jootha , Sakshi Gallery , Mumbai , India2004I go home every single day , The Showroom Gallery , London , UK2003Saat Samunder Paar , Gallery Nature Morte , New Delhi , India This side is the other side , Art & Public , Geneva , Switzerland2000Recent Works , Gallery Nature Morte , New Delhi , India1999Recent Works , Gallery Foundation for Indian Art , Amsterdam , Netherlands1997Bose Pacia Modern , New York , USA The Way Home , Gallery Chemould , Mumbai , India1996Grey Zones , Jehangir Art Gallery , Mumbai , India Selected Group Exhibitions 2016Megacities in Asia , Museum of Fine Arts , Boston , MA , USA2015A Republic of Art .
French regional collections of contemporary art , Van Abbemuseum , Eindhoven , NetherlandsArts and Food , La Triennale di Milano , Milan , ItalyAfter Midnight .
Indian Modernism to Contemporary India 1947/1997 , Queens Museum , New York NYA Secret Affair , FLAG Art Foundation , New York NY2014By Destiny , Arario Museum , Jeju , Korea " A Secret Affair : Selections from the Fuhrman Family Collection , The Contemporary Austin , Austin TXSparsha - Berührung der Sinne .
Ritual und zeitgenössische Kunst aus Indien , Kunstmuseum Bochum , GermanySapporo International Art Festival 2014 , Sapporo , Japan2013Performa 13 , New York NYAsia Code Zero , Seoul Olympic Museum of Art , Seoul , Korea Selected works My Mother and Me , 1997Gupta set himself apart from others of his generation by adopting organic materials intrinsic to Indian culture in his work , most notably cowdung .
My Mother and Me was a cylindrical structure ten feet high made from cowpats with a layer of ash spread across the floor .
The seminal work was constructed during a workshop conducted by the Khoj Artists ' Association workshop at Modinagar near Delhi.Bihari , 1999Gupta addressed his identity and rural roots through a self-portrait enmeshed in cow dung and a single LED-inscribed Devanagiri word , “ Bihari , ” meaning someone from Bihar , a qualifier often used as a slur deriding his fellow people who seek economic refuge in other states .
In doing so he not only embraced his identity but a certain aesthetic that could otherwise be dismissed as kitschy.Very Hungry God , 2006In 2007 , this monumental skull composed of gleaming stainless steel vessels was displayed outside François Pinault 's Palazzo Grassi , at the 2007 Venice Biennale .
The French Billionaire had acquired the work that was displayed around the same time as Damien Hirst 's diamond-encrusted skull For the Love of God at White Cube . "
A giant skull made out of utensils , the sculpture related to the venerable Christian tradition of the memento mori , as well as modern special effects extravaganzas like The Mummy .
Subodh had managed to take a ubiquitous symbol and make it meaningful anew , an enormously difficult task that could only have been accomplished by a consummate artist , " wrote Indian art critic Girish Shahane in January 2007 .
What does the vessel contain , that the river does not , 2012Originally created for the first edition of the Kochi-Muziris Biennale , Gupta ’s poetically titled 21.35 m long , 3.15 m wide , 110 cm deep boat was stuffed with an assemblage of miscellaneous found objects ; abandoned chairs , beds , fishing nets , window frames et al. .
It was displayed at Hauser & Wirth ’s Savile Row space in London in 2013 .
Echoing sentiments of migration , displacement , belonging , movement , and stability , the work derives its title from a line in Rumi ’s “ The Sufi Path of Love ” : “ What does the vat contain that is not in the river ?
/ What does the room encompass that is not in the city ?
/ This world is the vat , and the heart the running stream , / this world the room , and the heart the city of wonders . ”
Selected Films and Performances Still Life Juggler , film on DVD , 1:50 ' , 2008All Things are Inside , film on DVD , 4:30 ' , 2007Haasil , appeared in his friend Tigmanshu Dhulia 's film , 2003Pure ( I ) , performance at Khoj workshop , Modi Nagar , India , 1999Pure , video on DVD , 9 ' , 1999 Selected Collections Gupta 's work has been acquired by a number of public and private collections including : Tate Britain , London , EnglandGuggenheim Museum , New York , NYNational Gallery of Modern Art , New Delhi , IndiaAlbright Knox Art Gallery , Art Museum , Buffalo , New YorkMMK Museum für Moderne Kunst Frankfurt am Main , GermanySara Hilden Art Museum , Tampere , FinlandKiran Nadar Museum of Art , New Delhi , IndiaFrançois Pinault FoundationArario Gallery , Shanghai , China Selected bibliography 2014Sen , Aveek ( ed . )
, ‘ Subodh Gupta - Everything is inside ’ , New Delhi : Penguin , 2014Bethenod , Martin ( ed . )
, ‘ Art Lovers -- Histoires d’art dans la collection Pinault/Stories of Art in the Pinault Collection ’ , Paris : Lienart , 2014Fontanel , Béatrice , ‘ ma première histoire de l’art ’ , Paris : Éditions Palette , 2014Fuhrman Family Collection ( ed . )
, ‘ A Secret Affair , Selections from the Fuhrman Family Collection ’ , Austin : Fuhrman Family Collection , 2014Griffin , Jonathan , Harper , Paul [ et al. ] , ‘ The 21st Century Art Book ’ , London : Phaidon , 2014Ritterskamp , Julia , Goodrow , Gérard A. ( eds . )
, ‘ Passages .
Indian Art Today ’ , Cologne : Daab Media , 2014Uccia , Birgid , ‘ India : Maximum City ’ , Zuoz : Chesa Planta , 2014Ward , Ossian , ‘ Ways of Looking ’ , London : Laurence King , 20142013Martin , Nicolas , ‘ Le Grand Magasin Surréaliste ’ , Paris : Ed .
Palette , 2013 , p. 24-25 , ill.Grovier , Kelly , ’ 100 Works of Art That Will Define Our Age ’ , London : Thames & Hudson , 2013 , p. 123 , ill.Centro De Arte Contemporaneo De Malaga , ‘ Subodh Gupta .
The Imaginary Order of Things ’ , Malaga : CAC Malaga , 2013 , ill .
( exh .
cat . )
Werner Holzwarth , Hans ( ed . )
, ‘ Art Now Vol 4 ’ , Cologne : Taschen , 2013 , pp. 180 -- 185 , ill.Joselit , David , ‘ After Art ’ , Princeton : Princeton University Press , 2013 , p. 82 , ill.Unterdörfer , Michaela ( ed . )
, ‘ Hauser & Wirth .
20 Years ’ , Ostfildern : Hatje Cantz , 2013Moszynska , Anna , ‘ Sculpture Now ’ , London : Thames & Hudson , 2013 , p. 50 , ill .2012 Baxter , Clark , ‘ Culture and Values : A Survey of the Humanities ’ , Boston : Wadsworth , Cengage Learning , 2012 , pp. 716 , 726 , ill.Chattopadhyay , Swati , ‘ Unlearning the city : Infrastructure in a new optical field ’ , Minneapolis : University of Minnesota Press , 2012 , pp. 83 , 122 , ill.Marta Herford ( ed . )
, ‘ Ashes and Gold .
A World ’s Journey ’ , Cologne : Wienand Verlag , 2012 , p. 41 , ill .2011 Centre Pompidou , ‘ Paris -- Delhi -- Bombay ... ‘ , Paris : Centre Pompidou , 2001 , pp. 216 -- 219Petry , Michael , ‘ The Art of not making .
The new artist/artisan relationship ’ , London : Thames & Hudson , pp. 11 , 51 , 74 , 75 , 77 , ill.Shah , Sonal , ‘ Object Lessons ’ , Delhi , December 2011 , pp. 88 , 89 , ill.Smith , Terry , ‘ Contemporary Art .
World Currents ’ , New Jersey : Pearson Education , 2011 , p. 179 , ill.Van Tomme , Niels , ‘ Where do we migrate to ?
‘ , Issues in Cultural Theory , no. 14 , Baltimore : Centre for Art , Design and Visual Culture .
University of Maryland Baltimore County , 2011 , p. 19 , ill .2010 ‘ Subodh Gupta -- Common Man ’ , JPR | Ringier , Zurich 2010 ‘ The Art of the 20th Century .
2000 and Beyond .
Contemporary Tendencies ’ , Skira : Milan , 2010 , pp. 56 , 57 , ill.Chiu , Melissa ; Genocchio , Benjamin , ‘ Contemporary Asian Art ’ , London : Thames & Hudson , 2010 , p. 139 , ill.Jacob , Mary Jane , Grabner , Michelle ( eds . )
, ‘ The studio reader : On the space of artists ’ , London : The University of Chicago Press , Ltd. , 2010 , p. 254Sinha , Gayatri ( ed . )
, ‘ Voices of Change .
20 Indian Artists ’ , Mumbai : The Marg Foundation , 2010 , pp. 172 -- 183 , ill .2009 Denicke , Lars , Thaler , Peter , Scherer , Bernd M. , ‘ Prepare for Pictopia ’ , Berlin : Pictoplasma Publishing , 2009Häussler , Harriet , Bastian , Aeneas ( eds . )
, ‘ Aus Künstlersicht ’ , Bielefeld : Kerber Verlag , pp. 80 -- 81Holzwarth , Hans Werner , ’ 100 Contemporary Artists A-K ’ , Cologne : Taschen , 2009 , p. 248 , ill.Jumabhoy , Zehra , Saatchi Gallery , ‘ The Empire strikes back ’ , London : Jonathan Cape , 2009 , pp. 4 -- 5 , 142-145 , ill.Panda , Alka , Röller , Nils ( eds . )
, ‘ Visual Arts .
The India Habitat Centre ’s Art Journal ’ , New Delhi : India Habitat Centre , 2009 , p. 109 , ill .2008 Beaux Arts éditions ( ed . )
, ‘ Qu’est - ce que la sculpture aujourd ’ hui ? ’
, Boulogne : Beaux Arts éditions , 2008 , pp. 104 -- 105 , ill .2005 Jhaveri , Amrita , ‘ A Guide to 101 Modern & Contemporary Indian Artists ’ , Mumbai : India Book House , 2005 , p. 114Museum of Contemporary Art Chicago ( ed . )
, ‘ Universal Experience : Art .
Life and the Tourist ’s Eye ’ , Chicago IL : Museum of Contemporary Art , 2005Sambrani , Chaitanya ( ed . )
, ‘ Edge of Desire .
Recent Art in India ’ , London : Philip Wilson Pub , 2005Sambrani , Chaitanya , ‘ Dialectics of Hope ’ , Moscow : Art Chronica , 20052003Apeejay Media Gallery ( ed . )
, ‘ Video Art In India ’ , New Delhi : Apeejay Press , 2003Bourriaud , Nicolas , ‘ Post Production , Sampling Programming Displaying ’ , San Gimignano : Galleria Continua , 2003Gallery Chemould ( ed . )
, ‘ Crossing Generations : diVERGE ’ , Mumbai : Gallery Chemould , 2003Kapur , Geeta , ‘ body.city siting contemporary culture in India ’ , New Delhi : Tulika Books ; Berlin : Haus der Kulturen der Welt , 2003Henie-Onstad Kunstsenter ( ed . )
, ‘ The Tree from the Seed : Contemporary Art from India ’ , Høvikodden : Henie-Onstad Kunstsenter , 2003Sarai ( ed . )
, ‘ Sarai Reader 03 , Shaping Technologies ’ , New Delhi : Sarai , 2003The Havanna Biennale ( ed . )
, ‘ El Art con La Vida ’ , Cuba : Consejo Nacional de las Artes Plasticas y Centro Wilfredo Lam , 20032002Apparao Galleries ( ed . )
, ‘ Cinema Still ’ , Chennai : Apparao Galleries , 2002Busan Biennale ( ed . )
, ‘ Culture meets Culture ’ , Busan : Busan Biennale , 2002Cima Gallery ( ed . )
, ‘ Sidewinder ’ , Calcutta : Cima Gallery Pvt Ltd , 2002Jindal Foundation ( ed . )
, ‘ Steelworks : A Space for creative Retreat ’ , New Delhi : Jindal Foundation , 2002 , p. 9-10Multi Media Art Asia Pacific ( ed . )
, ‘ MAAP in Beijing 2002 ’ , Beijing : MAAP , 2002Nagy , Peter ( ed . )
, ‘ Sorry for the Inconvenience .
Under Construction ’ , Bangkok : Thankamol Publishing , 2002Nature Morte ( ed . )
, ‘ Context as Content-Museum as Metaphor ’ , New Delhi : Nature Morte , 2002Shisha ( ed . )
, ‘ Art South Asia ’ , Manchester : Shisha , 20022001Nagy , Peter , ‘ Context as Content -- Museum as Metaphor ’ , Chandigarh : Museum of Fine Art , 20012000Birla Academy of Art & Culture , ‘ Vilas : The Idea Of Pleasure ’ , Mumbai : Birla Academy of Art & Culture , 2000Kapur , Geeta , ‘ When was Modernism .
Dismantled Norms ’ , Chennai : Tulika , 2000Kwangju Biennale , ‘ Man and Space ’ , Kwangju : Kwangju Biennale , 2000Utsunomiya Museum of Art ( ed . )
, ‘ Invisible Boundary : Metamorphosed Asian Art ’ , Untsunomiya : Museum of Art , 20001999Anand , Ashish ( ed . )
, ‘ Edge of Century ’ , New Delhi : Delhi Art Gallery , 1999Fukuoka Asian Art Museum ( ed . )
, ‘ The 1st Fukuoka Asian Art Triennale 1999 ’ , Fukuoka : Fukuoka Asian Art Museum , 1999Koj International ( ed . )
, ‘ Khoj 1999 ’ , New Delhi : Khoj International , 19991997Sahmat ( ed . )
, ‘ Gift for India ’ , New Delhi : Sahmat , 1997 , p. 20 Awards and Scholarships On 9 March 2017 , Artists In-Residence Subodh Gupta & Bharti Kher called on President Pranab Mukherjee at Rashtrapati Bhavan .2013 Chevalier dans l’Ordre des Arts et des Lettres ( Knight of the Order of Arts and Letters ) 2004French Government residency in Paris , Visiting Professor at L’Ecole des Beaux-arts , Paris , France1997Emerging Artist Award , BosePacia Modern , New York , USAUNESCO-ASHBERG Bursaries for Artists , at Gasworks Studio , London , England1996All India Painting Exhibition , 1st Prize by M.F. Husain at Vadehra Art Gallery , New Delhi , India1990 - 91Research Grant Scholarship , Lalit Kala Academy , New Delhi , India1989All India Festival , Dhanbad , India1987-88Students grant scholarship , Govt .
of Bihar , Patna , India1987State Level Art Exhibition of Bihar , India1986All India Youth Festival , Madras , India References External links " Subodh Gupta Profile , Interview and Artworks " Subodh Gupta at Hauser & WirthSubodh Gupta at Gallery Nature MorteSubodh Gupta Solo review at Arario on The Arts Trust Online MagazineSubodh Gupta on ArtNet.comMore information and images from the Saatchi GalleryFurther images and biography from Jack ShainmanGalleria ContinuaSobodh Gupta buys Delhi house for Rs. 1 billion The Economic Times
Multivariate cryptography is the generic term for asymmetric cryptographic primitives based on multivariate polynomials over a finite field F { \ displaystyle F } .
In certain cases those polynomials could be defined over both a ground and an extension field .
If the polynomials have the degree two , we talk about multivariate quadratics .
Solving systems of multivariate polynomial equations is proven to be NP-hard or NP-complete .
That 's why those schemes are often considered to be good candidates for post-quantum cryptography .
As of today , multivariate quadratics have been used to build signature schemes , but all attempts to build a secure encryption scheme have failed .
History In 1988 T. Matsumoto and H. Imai presented their scheme " Matsumoto-Imai-Scheme " on the Eurocrypt conference .
On later work the " Hidden Monomial Cryptosystems " was developed by ( French ) Jacques Patarin .
It is based on a ground and an extension field .
On this " Hidden Field Equations " was designed and presented in 1996 .
In the following years J. Patarin developed other schemes .
In 1997 he presented “ Balanced Oil & Vinegar ” and 1999 “ Unbalanced Oil and Vinegar ” in cooperation with Aviad Kipnis and Louis Goubin .
Construction Multivariate Quadratics involves a public and a private key .
The private key consists of two affine transformations , S and T , and an easy to invert quadratic map P ’ P ′ : F m → F n { \ displaystyle P ' : F ^ { m } \ rightarrow F ^ { n } } .
We denote the n { \ displaystyle n } by n { \ displaystyle n } matrix of the affine endomorphisms S : F n → F n { \ displaystyle S : F ^ { n } \ rightarrow F ^ { n } } by M S { \ displaystyle M _ { S } } and the shift vector by v S ∈ F n { \ displaystyle v _ { S } \ in F ^ { n } } and similarly for T : F m → F m { \ displaystyle T : F ^ { m } \ rightarrow F ^ { m } } .
In other words , S ( x ) = M S x + v S { \ displaystyle S ( x ) = M _ { S } x + v _ { S } } and T ( y ) = M T y ′ + v T { \ displaystyle T ( y ) = M _ { T } y ' + v _ { T } } .
The triple ( S − 1 , P ′ − 1 , T − 1 ) { \ displaystyle ( S ^ { -1 } , { P ' } ^ { -1 } , T ^ { -1 } ) } is the private key , also known as the trapdoor .
The public key is the composition P = S ∘ P ′ ∘ T { \ displaystyle P = S \ circ P ' \ circ T } which is by assumption hard to invert without the knowledge of the trapdoor .
Signature Signatures are generated using the private key and are verified using the public key as follows .
The message is hashed to a vector in y ∈ F n { \ displaystyle y \ in F ^ { n } } via a known hash function .
The signature is x = P − 1 ( y ) = T − 1 ( P ′ − 1 ( S − 1 ( y ) ) ) { \ displaystyle x =P ^ { -1 } ( y ) = T ^ { -1 } \ left ( { P ' } ^ { -1 } \ left ( S ^ { -1 } ( y ) \ right ) \ right ) } .
The receiver of the signed document must have the public key P in possession .
He computes the hash y and checks that the signature x fulfils P ( x ) = y { \ displaystyle P ( x ) = y } .
Applications Unbalanced Oil and VinegarHidden Field EquationsSFLASH by NESSIERainbowTTSQUARTZQUAD ( cipher ) References J. Patarin , Hidden Field Equations ( HFE ) and Isomorphisms of Polynomials ( IP ) : two new Families of Asymmetric Algorithms ( extended version ) ; Eurocrypt ' 96Aviad Kipnis , Jacques Patarin , and Louis Goubin , Unbalanced Oil and Vinegar Signature Schemes - Extended Version ; Eurocrypt ' 99Christopher Wolf , and Bart Preneel , Taxonomy of Public Key Schemes based on the problem ofMultivariate Quadratic equations ; Current Version : 2005-12-15An Braeken , Christopher Wolf , and Bart Preneel , A Study of the Security of Unbalanced Oil and Vinegar Signature Schemes , Current Version : 2005-08-06Jintai Ding , Research Project : Cryptanalysis on Rainbow and TTS multivariate public key signature schemeJacques Patarin , Nicolas Courtios , Louis Goubin , SFLASH , a fast asymmetric signature scheme for low-cost smartcards .
Primitive specification and supporting documentation.Bo-Yin Yang , Chen-Mou Cheng , Bor-Rong Chen , and Jiun-Ming Chen , Implementing Minimized Multivariate PKC on Low-Resource Embedded Systems , 2006Bo-Yin Yang , Jiun-Ming Chen , and Yen-Hung Chen , TTS : High-Speed Signatures on a Low-Cost Smart Card , 2004Nicolas T. Courtois , Short Signatures , Provable Security , Generic Attacks and Computational Security of Multivariate Polynomial Schemes such as HFE , Quartz and Sflash , 2005Alfred J. Menezes , Paul C. van Oorschot , Scott A. Vanstone , Handbook of Applied Crypthography , 1997 External links [ 1 ] The HFE public key encryption and signature
Travis Bell may refer to : Travis Bell ( born 1978 ) , Canadian ice hockey play who was named to the 2003 ECAC Hockey All-Tournament TeamTravis Bell , a character in Killer7Travis Bell , American football playerm see 2007 Miami Hurricanes football team
Christoforos Liontakis ( Greek : Χριστόφορος Λιοντάκης ; born 1945 ) is an award-winning Greek poet and translator .
He read law at the University of Athens and philosophy of law at the Sorbonne , in Paris .
His first collection of poems was published in 1973 .
He belongs to the so-called Genia tou 70 , a literary term referring to Greek authors who began publishing their work during the 1970s , especially towards the end of the Greek military junta of 1967-1974 and during the first years of the Metapolitefsi.For his collection of poems With the Light , published in 1999 , he received the Greek National Book Award for the Year 2000 and the poetry prize of the prestigious literary journal Diavazo .
The French Ministry of Culture has honored him with its Knighthood of Arts and Letters , and the municipality of Heraklion has awarded him the Nikos Kazantzakis Literary Prize .
Poetry Το τέλος του τοπίου ( The end of the landscape ) , 1973Μετάθεση ( Transference ) , 1976Υπόγειο γκαράζ ( Underground Garage ) , 1978Ο Μινώταυρος μετακομίζει ( The Minotaur Moves ) , 1982O ροδώνας με τους χωροφύλακες ( Rose Garden with the Gendarmes ) , 1988Με το φως ( With the Light ) , 1999 Prose Νυχτερινό γυμναστήριο ( Nocturnal Gymnasium ) , 1993 Selected translations Stendhal , Αρμάνς ( Armance ) , 1978Bonnefoy , Yves , Οι τάφοι της Ραβέννας ( Les Tombeaux de Ravenne ) , 1981Genet , Jean , Ο σκοινοβάτης , 1986Rimbaud , Arthur , Μια εποχή στην Κόλαση ( Une Saison en Enfer ) , 2004 Notes External links His entry for the 2001 Frankfurt Book Fair ( Greek ) His page at the website of the Hellenic Authors ' Society ( Greek ) His page at Kastaniotis Publishers ( English )
Chong-Örüktü ( Kyrgyz : Чоң-Өрүктү ) is a village in the Issyk-Kul Region of Kyrgyzstan .
Its population was 2,045 in 2009 .
References
R Virginis is a Mira variable in the constellation Virgo .
Located approximately 606 parsecs ( 1,980 ly ) distant , it varies between magnitudes 6.1 and 12.1 over a period of approximately 146 days .
References
Theodore Douglas Robinson ( April 28 , 1883 -- April 10 , 1934 ) was an American politician from New York who served as the Assistant Secretary of the Navy from November 1924 to 1929 .
He was a member of the Roosevelt family through his mother and was the eldest nephew of President Theodore " T.R. " Roosevelt , Jr. ( 1858 -- 1919 ) .
As an Oyster Bay Roosevelt , Theodore was a descendant of the Schuyler family .
Early life Theodore Douglas Robinson was born on April 28 , 1883 in New York City to Douglas Robinson Jr. and Corinne Roosevelt .
He attended St. Paul 's School in Concord , New Hampshire and graduated from Harvard University in 1904 .
Family His father was a real estate dealer who was president of Douglas Robinson Company , Charles S. Brown Company , and the Douglas Land Company , trustee of the Atlantic Mutual Insurance Company , director of the Equitable Life Insurance Society and the Astor Trust Company .
He had three younger siblings : Corinne , Monroe , and Stewart.His maternal grandparents were Theodore " Thee " Roosevelt Sr. , a businessman/philanthropist , and Martha Stewart " Mittie " Bulloch , a socialite .
His paternal grandparents were Douglas Robinson Sr. and Frances Monroe , who was a grandniece of President James Monroe .
Career In 1910 , he first ran for the New York State Legislature , but was defeated in the primaries by Charles S. Millington .
He ran again in 1912 , and was elected to the 135th Legislature , serving in the New York State Assembly.In 1912 , Robinson was elected Chairman of his uncle Theodore 's Progressive " Bull Moose " Party in the State of New York , and served until 1914 .
From 1917 until 1918 , he was a Republican member of the New York State Senate in 1917 and 1918 ( both 32nd D. ) .
Also in 1918 , he was campaign manager for then Attorney General of New York Merton E. Lewis 's bid for the Republican nomination for governor against incumbent Governor Charles S. Whitman .
Lewis lost the nomination to Whitman , who lost his reelection campaign to Al Smith.Later in 1918 , he declined renomination and enlisted in the United States Army , becoming an officer at Camp Zachary Taylor , a training camp in Louisville , Kentucky.He returned to the New York State Senate and served again from 1921 to 1924 , sitting in the 144th , 145th , 146th and 147th New York State Legislatures , all four with the 35th district .
During his time with the New York State Senate , he introduced a number of bills focusing on stray cats , census of men and materials , and revocation of the New York branch of the German American Alliance .
In 1921 , along with Assemblyman Joseph Steinberg , he led an investigation into the John F. Hylan , the then Mayor of New York City.In 1924 , he was appointed Assistant Secretary of the Navy by Calvin Coolidge , taking the reins from his cousin , Theodore Roosevelt III .
He served from November 1924 to 1929 , and during his term changed the Navy 's slogan from " Join the Navy and See the World " to " Join the Navy and Show the World . "
Personal life In 1904 , he married Helen Rebecca Roosevelt ( 1881 -- 1962 ) , daughter of James " Rosey " Roosevelt Roosevelt ( 1854 -- 1927 ) and Helen Schermerhorn Astor ( 1855 -- 1893 ) from the Astor family .
Rosey was the half-brother of President Franklin Delano Roosevelt .
Together they had : Douglas Robinson ( 1906-1964 ) , who in 1933 married Louise Miller , daughter of former New York Gov. Nathan L. Miller .
They divorced around 1949 and married Micheline Benet.Helen Rebecca Robinson ( 1907 -- 1980 ) , who married John Arthur Hinckley ( 1906 -- 1940 ) in 1930 .
After his death , she married George Walford Cutting ( 1892 -- 1961 ) Elizabeth Mary Douglas Robinson ( 1909 -- 1979 ) , who married Jacques Blaise de Sibour ( 1905 -- 1979 ) , son of Jules Henri de Sibour .
They divorced and on July 9 , 1963 , she married Nelson T. Hartson ( 1887 -- 1967 ) Martha Douglas Robinson ( 1912 -- 1912 ) Alida Douglas Robinson ( 1915 -- 1994 ) , who married Kenneth S. Walker .
They divorced and in 1944 , she married Dean Sage ( d. 1963 ) .
After his death , she married Edward T. H. Talmage Jr. in 1971 , great-grandson of John Frelinghuysen Talmage.Robinson lived in Herkimer County , New York , where his family had an estate since 1725 called " Henderson House " .
He died of pneumonia on April 10 , 1934 , after being ill for only a few days .
His funeral was at the family estate , His pallbearers were Edmund B. Rogers , Franklin B. Lord , G. Palen Snow , Elbridge G. Chadwick , Wendell Blagden , Warren Motley , John Cutter , and James Hackson .
The funeral was attended by First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt , Col. Theodore Roosevelt and Eleanor Butler Roosevelt , Mr. and Mrs. Kermit Roosevelt , Warren D. Robbins , Courtland Nichols , Mr. and Mrs. Phillip McKim Garrison , and Mr. and Mrs. Trubeee Davison , and Senators Henry I. Patrie , Walter W. Stokes , and Henry D. Williams .
Memberships He was a member of the Masons and the Elks as well as the Racquet and Tennis Club , Harvard Club , Union League , Republican Club , Knickerbocker Club , The Brook , Downtown Association of New York City , Meadow Brook Golf Club , Piping Rock Club , National Golf Links of America , Fort Orange Club of Albany , Fort Schuyler Club , Yahnundasis Golf Club of Utica and the Mohawk Valley Country Club .
See also Gelston Castle References
Almalu is a village in Jalal-Abad Region of Kyrgyzstan .
Its population was 1,075 in 2009 .
References
Alraune is a fictional female character in a novel of the same name by German writer Hanns Heinz Ewers.Alraune may also refer to : Films Alraune ( 1918 film ) , a Hungarian adaptation of the novel co-directed by Michael CurtizAlraune ( 1928 film ) , a German adaptation of the novel starring Brigitte HelmAlraune ( 1930 film ) , a German science fiction horror filmAlraune ( 1952 film ) , a West German production Other Alraune , an alternate German name for the mythical KoboldAlraune , the 1996 debut album of Thrones
Nira Narsingpur is a village in Indapur taluka of Pune district , Maharashtra , India .
The confluence of rivers Bhima and Nira is behind the temple [ where even other pujas like Narayan Nagbali , Tripindi Shraddha are carried out ] .
The temple is the Kuldaiwat ( Family deity ) for a number of Marathi families of different castes .
Transport Driving Directions Nira Narsingpur : This hemandpanti beautiful temple is located off Tembhurni - Akluj road in Indapur taluka of Pune.Tembhurni is a place on the Pune-Solapur highway .
After getting down here , either board a private vehicle going towards Akluj or catch an MSRTC bus.Get down at a spot called Sangam.From Sangam , either board a share auto which would take you to temple or else walking the distance would be also an enjoyable moment in itself!In the event , if you are having your own vehicle then beware as the bridge on the Neera river is in very bad condition .
Google Map Direction Going by Train : Take the Pune-Solapur Passenger which leaves Pune Station at 08.30 A.M. [ Fare-Rs .
24 ] Get down at Jeur StationTake a MSRTC bus for Tembhurni from Jeur [ Fare-Rs .
15 ] or take shared autorikshaw from Jeur [ Fare-Rs .
25 as on Mid June 2011 ] .
Take a private jeep from Tembhurni which will drop you to a point , 3 km away from the main temple.Take a shared autorickshaw to the entrance of the main temple [ Fare-Rs .5 per person ] The Shri Laxmi Narsimha Navratra happens to be in Vaishakh month [ May ] .
Other nearby places to visit here could be Shani Shirala [ around 3 km from Tembhurni off Pune-Solapur road , it is a replica of Shani Shingnapur ] References
This is a list of Crewe Alexandra F.C. seasons
Chitra Bahadur K.C. ( Nepali : चित्रबहादुर के.सी . )
is a Nepalese politician and Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Poverty Alleviation Of Nepal .
He is the chairman of the Rashtriya Jana Morcha and the general secretary of the All Nepal Peasants Association linked to RJM.Chitra Bahadur K.C. belonged to the Communist Party of Nepal ( Fourth Convention ) .
In the 1983 he sided with Mohan Bikram Singh , and joined the Communist Party of Nepal ( Masal ) .
Chitra Bahadur K.C. contested the Baglung-2 constituency in the 1994 election .
He finished second , with 15089 votes.He was elected to the Pratinidhi Sabha in the 1999 election , as a candidate of Rashtriya Jana Morcha ( the electoral front of the Communist Party of Nepal ( Masal ) ( 2006 ) ) in the constituency of Baglung-2 with 24124 votes.When Janamorcha Nepal was formed in 2002 through the merger of RJM and Samyukta Janamorcha Nepal , Chitra Bahadur K.C. became a member of JMN .
When JMN split in 2006 , he sided with Communist Party of Nepal ( Unity Centre-Masal ) ( the parent party of JMN ) general secretary Mohan Bikram Singh in rejecting participation the Seven Party Alliance government .
Effectively JMN was split .
A conference of the JMN led by Chitra Bahadur K.C. was held in Butwal May 25 -- 26 , 2006 , in which he was elected chairman of this JMN faction .
The Chitra Bahadur K.C.-led JMN was renamed as the Rashtriya Jana Morcha in 2007 .
Chitra Bahadur K.C. won the Baglung-2 seat in the 2008 Constituent Assembly election , the sole RJM candidate to win a seat in the First Past the Post system .
He got 12594 votes.Chitra Bahadur K.C. has been a staunch opponent of Federalism , especially Federalism on the basis of ethnic identity .
He has reported to have been threatened with his life on several occasions due to this view .
References Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Poverty Alleviation
Qunxing Paper Holdings Limited ( SEHK : 3868 ) is the largest decorative base paper manufacturer in the People 's Republic of China , specializing in decorative base paper products and printing paper product .
Its production base is located in Zouping County , Shandong Province .
It serves 13 provinces , autonomous regions and municipalities in the PRC.Qunxing Paper was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 2 October 2007 .
References External links Qunxing Paper Holdings Limited
Shanghai Forte Land Company Limited ( former stock codes : HKEX :2337 ) , or Shanghai Forte Land and Forte Land , is one of the largest real estate developers in Shanghai , China .
It is founded by Chinese billionaire Guo Guangchang in 1994 and it is headquartered in Shanghai .
It has developed several dozens of real estate projects in major cities such as Shanghai , Beijing , Wuhan , Nanjing , Wuxi , Chongqing , Tianjin , Haikou and Hangzhou.Forte 's H shares were listed in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2004 .
And it plans to issue A shares in the Shanghai Stock Exchange in near future .
Forte was acquired and privatized by Fosun International in May 2011 .
See also Real estate in China References External links Shanghai Forte Land
The Alley Cat ( French : Le Matou ) is a 1985 Canadian/French French-language drama film based on the novel of the same name by Yves Beauchemin .
Plot Florent ( Dupire ) and his wife Elise ( Spaziani ) always had one dream : to own a restaurant .
When they meet a strange old man , Egon Ratablavasky ( Carmet ) , their dream becomes a reality , but only to quickly turn into a nightmare when they sadly discover they have been tricked by him and lose everything .
Production Restaurant scenes were set in and shot at La Binerie Mont-Royal .
Recognition 1986Genie Award for Best Music Score - Won - François DompierreGenie Award for Best Achievement in Direction - Nominated - Jean BeaudinGenie Award for Best Achievement in Sound Editing - Nominated - Serge Viau , Paul DionGenie Award for Best Motion Picture - Nominated - Justine HérouxGenie Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role - Nominated - Serge DupireGenie Award for Best Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role - Nominated - Monique SpazianiGenie Award for Best Screenplay - Nominated - Lise Lemay-Rousseau1985Montreal World Film Festival Jury Prize - Won - Jean Beaudin ( Tied with On ne meurt que 2 fois ) Montreal World Film Festival Most Popular Film - Won - Jean Beaudin References External links Le Matou on IMDbLe Matou at AllMovie
William L. Passmore ( March 19 , 1910 - November 7 , 2002 ) was a jockey and trainer in both flat and steeplechase Thoroughbred horse racing .
He rode horses professionally from the late 1920s until about 1946 when he took up training.During his career he conditioned horses for prominent owners such as John Sanford , Deborah Rood , Morris Dixon and Bayard Sharp .
As a trainer , among his important flat racing wins was the 1948 Monmouth Handicap .
In 1952 he trained the colt Hannibal for Sharp with whom he finished eighth in the Kentucky Derby.Passmore retired in 1963 and was inducted into the Delaware Sports Museum and Hall of Fame in 1992 .
He died in 2002 at age 92 near Seaford , Delaware .
His son , William J. Passmore , had a successful career as a jockey and has served as a steward at racetracks in Maryland .
Daughter Patricia Passmore married Eclipse Award winning jockey , Darrel McHargue .
References December 8 , 2002 obituary for William Passmore at Thoroughbred Times
Tanambao Ambony is a town and commune ( Malagasy : kaominina ) in southwest Madagascar .
It belongs to the district of Betioky Sud , which is a part of Atsimo-Andrefana Region .
The population of the commune was estimated to be approximately 3,000 in 2001 commune census.Only primary schooling is available .
The majority 60 % of the population of the commune are farmers , while an additional 38 % receives their livelihood from raising livestock .
The most important crops are cassava and tomatoes , while other important agricultural products are maize and rice .
Services provide employment for 2 % of the population .
References and notes
Paloheinä ( Swedish Svedängen ) is one of four quarters of the Tuomarinkylä district in Northern Helsinki , Finland .
Described by the municipality as " a place where habitation , traditional agricultural milieus , and the forest meet " , the Paloheinä recreation area is the northern continuation of Helsingin keskuspuisto , Helsinki 's " Central Park " .
Recreation Paloheinä is Helsinki 's main center for outdoor activities .
Over 200 competitions are held in Paloheinä each year in sports such as skiing , cross-country running , and orienteering .
Airsoft Local airsoft players stage mock combat in the wooded areas of Paloheinä .
Golf A golf course known as " Helsinki City Golf " is available for a fee .
Hiking There are many paths popular for hiking as well as a hiking lodge with showers , a café , and saunas ( heated three days a week ) .
Nature tours In the summer , guided nature tours are organised from the Paloheinä lodge .
Nordic walking Nordic walkers seen every evening at the Paloheinä area .
There are organized Nordic walking events at Paloheinä twice a week .
In August 2007 , Nordic walkers gathered at the Paloheinä recreational area to celebrate the tenth anniversary of their activity .
Skiing In winter , Paloheinä is Helsinki 's main area for skiing , especially cross-country skiing ( a sport immensely popular among Finns ) .
The Paloheinä Skiing Centre has a number of well-maintained skiing tracks to suit skiers of all levels .
They also offer rented equipment including skis , snowshoes and pulkka .
The hill Paloheinän mäki is a prominent sloping hill 120 m long and 38 m high which is the best ski slope in the area.Tiia Piili did a segment on the Finnish television show " Fit 4 You " in which she ascends this " famous hill " using a kickbike .
Library The Paloheinä Library , a branch of the Helsinki City Library , is located at Paloheinäntie 22 .
Buses Helsinki public transportation in buses 63 and 67 go to the library .
Buses 66 and 66A have their final stops near the hill .
References
Djezzar , Algeria is a town in north-eastern Algeria .
This article is about an establishment in Alabama .
For the location in Washington , D.C. , see Georgetown Visitation Monastery.The Convent and Academy of the Visitation , properly known today as the Visitation Monastery , is a historic complex of Roman Catholic religious buildings and a small cemetery in Mobile , Alabama , United States .
The buildings and grounds were documented by the Historic American Buildings Survey in 1937 .
They were added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 24 , 1992 as a part of Historic Roman Catholic Properties in Mobile Multiple Property Submission .
It , along with the Convent of Mercy , is one of two surviving historic convent complexes in Mobile .
History The Convent of the Visitation was founded by Bishop Michael Portier , the first bishop of Mobile .
Portier wished to found a convent for the Order of the Visitation of Holy Mary so that they could provide education to girls in his diocese , due to a lack of schools .
He obtained permission from Pope Gregory XVI for that purpose and in 1832 the first five sisters arrived from Georgetown.The academy taught 40 students the first year and enrollment continued to increase up until a fire in May 1854 destroyed the buildings .
Rebuilding of the convent commenced one month after the fire with a new quadrangle of buildings that form the core of the convent to the present day .
Architect James Henry Hutchisson designed these buildings in a French Renaissance style .
They were completed in 1855 .
The academy had grown to include a high school and grammar school by the early 1900s .
They were housed in a three-story school building on the west side of the quadrangle , built in 1900 .
Both had closed by 1952 and the former school building was demolished in 1953 .
The sisters then began a retreat house .
The retreat continues into the present , hosting retreat groups for men , women , and adolescents , as well as a variety of other events .
Numerous major restoration efforts were undertaken from 1985 to 1991 .
The interiors of Sacred Heart Chapel were completely restored beginning in 1998 with rededication late in 1999 .
Description The major buildings include the quadrangle of French Renaissance Revival style buildings completed in 1855 , in addition to several later structures .
The Romanesque Revival Sacred Heart Chapel was completed on the grounds in 1895 .
A priest 's house for visiting clerics was completed in 1899 , in a stylistic blending of the Romanesque Revival and Gothic Revival styles .
The grounds of the convent are enclosed with high brick walls , dating to the 1850s .
In addition to the outer wall , inner walls separate the public and private areas of the main complex and also enclose a private cemetery for the Order of the Visitation .
The graves are marked by simple white crosses .
References
Kyzyl-Jyldyz is a village in Jalal-Abad Region of Kyrgyzstan .
Its population was 1,194 in 2009 .
References
This article describes the United States presidential election , 1860 , in Missouri.Voters chose nine representatives , or electors to the Electoral College , who voted for President and Vice President .
Missouri voted for the Democratic candidate , Stephen A. Douglas.Statewide winner in bold .
References
Cyberethics is the philosophic study of ethics pertaining to computers , encompassing user behavior and what computers are programmed to do , and how this affects individuals and society .
For years , various governments have enacted regulations while organizations have defined policies about cyberethics .
Privacy history In the late 19th century , the invention of cameras spurred similar ethical debates as the internet does today .
During a seminar of Harvard Law Review in 1890 , Warren and Brandeis defined privacy from an ethical and moral point of view to be : " central to dignity and individuality and personhood .
Privacy is also indispensable to a sense of autonomy -- to ' a feeling that there is an area of an individual 's life that is totally under his or her control , an area that is free from outside intrusion . '
The deprivation of privacy can even endanger a person 's health . "
Over 100 years later , the internet and proliferation of private data through governments and ecommerce is an area which requires a new round of ethical debate involving a person 's privacy.Privacy can be decomposed to the limitation of others ' access to an individual with " three elements of secrecy , anonymity , and solitude . "
Anonymity refers to the individual 's right to protection from undesired attention .
Solitude refers to the lack of physical proximity of an individual to others .
Secrecy refers to the protection of personalized information from being freely distributed.Individuals surrender private information when conducting transactions and registering for services .
Ethical business practice protects the privacy of their customers by securing information which may contribute to the loss of secrecy , anonymity , and solitude .
Credit card information , social security numbers , phone numbers , mothers ' maiden names , addresses and phone numbers freely collected and shared over the internet may lead to a loss of Privacy.Fraud and impersonation are some of the malicious activities that occur due to the direct or indirect abuse of private information .
Identity theft is rising rapidly due to the availability of private information in the internet .
For instance , seven million Americans fell victim to identity theft in 2002 , and nearly 12 million Americans were victims of identity theft in 2011 making it the fastest growing crime in the United States .
Public records search engines and databases are the main culprits contributing to the rise of cybercrime .
Listed below are a few recommendations to restrict online databases from proliferating sensitive personnel information.Exclude sensitive unique identifiers from database records such as social security numbers , birth dates , hometown and mothers ' maiden names.Exclude phone numbers that are normally unlisted.Clear provision of a method which allows people to have their names removed from a database.Banning the reverse social security number lookup services .
Private data collection Data warehouses are used today to collect and store huge amounts of personal data and consumer transactions .
These facilities can preserve large volumes of consumer information for an indefinite amount of time .
Some of the key architectures contributing to the erosion of privacy include databases , cookies and spyware.Some may argue that data warehouses are supposed to stand alone and be protected .
However , the fact is enough personal information can be gathered from corporate websites and social networking sites to initiate a reverse lookup .
Therefore , is it not important to address some of the ethical issues regarding how protected data ends up in the public domain?As a result , identity theft protection businesses are on the rise .
Companies such as LifeLock and JPMorgan Chase have begun to capitalize on selling identity theft protection insurance .
Property Ethical debate has long included the concept of property .
This concept has created many clashes in the world of cyberethics .
One philosophy of the internet is centered around the freedom of information .
The controversy over ownership occurs when the property of information is infringed upon or uncertain .
Intellectual property rights The ever-increasing speed of the internet and the emergence of compression technology , such as mp3 opened the doors to Peer-to-peer file sharing , a technology that allowed users to anonymously transfer files to each other , previously seen on programs such as Napster or now seen through communications protocol such as BitTorrent .
Much of this , however , was copyrighted music and illegal to transfer to other users .
Whether it is ethical to transfer copyrighted media is another question.Proponents of unrestricted file sharing point out how file sharing has given people broader and faster access to media , has increased exposure to new artists , and has reduced the costs of transferring media ( including less environmental damage ) .
Supporters of restrictions on file sharing argue that we must protect the income of our artists and other people who work to create our media .
This argument is partially answered by pointing to the small proportion of money artists receive from the legitimate sale of media.We also see a similar debate over intellectual property rights in respect to software ownership .
The two opposing views are for closed source software distributed under restrictive licenses or for free and open source software .
The argument can be made that restrictions are required because companies would not invest weeks and months in development if there were no incentive for revenue generated from sales and licensing fees .
A counter argument to this is that standing on shoulders of giants is far cheaper when the giants do not hold IP rights .
Some proponents for open source believe that all programs should be available to anyone who wants to study them .
Digital rights management ( DRM ) With the introduction of digital rights management software , new issues are raised over whether the subverting of DRM is ethical .
Some champion the hackers of DRM as defenders of users ' rights , allowing the blind to make audio books of PDFs they receive , allowing people to burn music they have legitimately bought to CD or to transfer it to a new computer .
Others see this as nothing but simply a violation of the rights of the intellectual property holders , opening the door to uncompensated use of copyrighted media .
Accessibility , censorship and filtering Accessibility , censorship and filtering bring up many ethical issues that have several branches in cyberethics .
Many questions have arisen which continue to challenge our understanding of privacy , security and our participation in society .
Throughout the centuries mechanisms have been constructed in the name of protection and security .
Today the applications are in the form of software that filters domains and content so that they may not be easily accessed or obtained without elaborate circumvention or on a personal and business level through free or content-control software .
Internet censorship and filtering are used to control or suppress the publishing or accessing of information .
The legal issues are similar to offline censorship and filtering .
The same arguments that apply to offline censorship and filtering apply to online censorship and filtering ; whether people are better off with free access to information or should be protected from what is considered by a governing body as harmful , indecent or illicit .
The fear of access by minors drives much of the concern and many online advocate groups have sprung up to raise awareness and of controlling the accessibility of minors to the internet.Censorship and filtering occurs on small to large scales , whether it be a company restricting their employees ' access to cyberspace by blocking certain websites which are deemed as relevant only to personal usage and therefore damaging to productivity or on a larger scale where a government creates large firewalls which censor and filter access to certain information available online frequently from outside their country to their citizens and anyone within their borders .
One of the most famous examples of a country controlling access is the Golden Shield Project , also referred to as the Great Firewall of China , a censorship and surveillance project set up and operated by the People 's Republic of China .
Another instance is the 2000 case of the League Against Racism and Antisemitism ( LICRA ) , French Union of Jewish Students , vs. Yahoo! Inc ( USA ) and Yahoo! France , where the French Court declared that " access by French Internet users to the auction website containing Nazi objects constituted a contravention of French law and an offence to the ' collective memory ' of the country and that the simple act of displaying such objects ( e.g. exhibition of uniforms , insignia or emblems resembling those worn or displayed by the Nazis ) in France constitutes a violation of the Article R645-1 of the Penal Code and is therefore considered as a threat to internal public order . "
Since the French judicial ruling many websites must abide by the rules of the countries in which they are accessible .
Freedom of information Freedom of information , that is the freedom of speech as well as the freedom to seek , obtain and impart information brings up the question of who or what , has the jurisdiction in cyberspace .
The right of freedom of information is commonly subject to limitations dependent upon the country , society and culture concerned.Generally there are three standpoints on the issue as it relates to the internet .
First is the argument that the internet is a form of media , put out and accessed by citizens of governments and therefore should be regulated by each individual government within the borders of their respective jurisdictions .
Second , is that , " Governments of the Industrial World ... have no sovereignty [ over the Internet ] ... We have no elected government , nor are we likely to have one , ... You have no moral right to rule us nor do you possess any methods of enforcement we have true reason to fear . "
A third party believes that the internet supersedes all tangible borders such as the borders of countries , authority should be given to an international body since what is legal in one country may be against the law in another .
Digital divide An issue specific to the ethical issues of the freedom of information is what is known as the digital divide .
This refers to the unequal socio-economic divide between those who have had access to digital and information technology , such as cyberspace , and those who have had limited or no access at all .
This gap of access between countries or regions of the world is called the global digital divide .
Sexuality and pornography Sexuality in terms of sexual orientation , infidelity , sex with or between minors , public display and pornography have always stirred ethical controversy .
These issues are reflected online to varying degrees .
In terms of its resonance , the historical development of the online pornography industry and user-generated content have been the studied by media academics .
One of the largest cyberethical debates is over the regulation , distribution and accessibility of pornography online .
Hardcore pornographic material is generally controlled by governments with laws regarding how old one has to be to obtain it and what forms are acceptable or not .
The availability of pornography online calls into question jurisdiction as well as brings up the problem of regulation in particular over child pornography , which is illegal in most countries , as well as pornography involving violence or animals , which is restricted within most countries .
Gambling Gambling is often a topic in ethical debate as some view it as inherently wrong and support prohibition or controls while others advocate no legal . "
Between these extremes lies a multitude of opinions on what types of gambling the government should permit and where it should be allowed to take place .
Discussion of gambling forces public policy makers to deal with issues as diverse as addiction , tribal rights , taxation , senior living , professional and college sports , organized crime , neurobiology , suicide , divorce , and religion . "
Due to its controversy , gambling is either banned or heavily controlled on local or national levels .
The accessibility of the internet and its ability to cross geographic-borders have led to illegal online gambling , often offshore operations .
Over the years online gambling , both legal and illegal , has grown exponentially which has led to difficulties in regulation .
This enormous growth has even called into question by some the ethical place of gambling online .
Related organizations The following organizations are of notable interest in cyberethics debates : International Federation for Information Processing ( IFIP ) Association for Computing Machinery , Special Interest Group : Computers and Society ( SIGCAS ) Electronic Privacy Information Center ( EPIC ) Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) International Center for Information Ethics ( ICIE ) Directions and Implications in Advanced Computing ( DIAC ) The Centre for Computing and Social Responsibility ( CCSR ) Cyber-Rights and Cyber-libertiesInternational Journal of Cyber Ethics in Education ( IJCEE ) Codes of ethics in computing Four notable examples of ethics codes for IT professionals are listed below : RFC 1087 In January 1989 , the Internet Architecture Board ( IAB ) in RFC 1087 defines an activity as unethical and unacceptable if it : Seeks to gain unauthorized access to the resources of the Internet.Disrupts the intended use of the Internet.Wastes resources ( people , capacity , computer ) through such actions.Destroys the integrity of computer-based information , orCompromises the privacy of users .
The Code of Fair Information Practices The Code of Fair Information Practices is based on five principles outlining the requirements for records keeping systems .
This requirement was implemented in 1973 by the U.S. Department of Health , Education and Welfare.There must be no personal data record-keeping systems whose very existence is secret.There must be a way for a person to find out what information about the person is in a record and how it is used.There must be a way for a person to prevent information about the person that was obtained for one purpose from being used or made available for other purposes without the person 's consent.There must be a way for a person to correct or amend a record of identifiable information about the person.Any organization creating , maintaining , using , or disseminating records of identifiable personal data must assure the reliability of the data for their intended use and must take precautions to prevent misuses of the data .
Ten Commandments of Computer Ethics The ethical values as defined in 1992 by the Computer Ethics Institute ; a nonprofit organization whose mission is to advance technology by ethical means , lists these rules as a guide to computer ethics : Thou shalt not use a computer to harm other people.Thou shalt not interfere with other people 's computer work.Thou shalt not snoop around in other people 's computer files.Thou shalt not use a computer to steal.Thou shalt not use a computer to bear false witness.Thou shalt not copy or use proprietary software for which you have not paid.Thou shalt not use other people 's computer resources without authorization or proper compensation.Thou shalt not appropriate other people 's intellectual output.Thou shalt think about the social consequences of the program you are writing or the system you are designing.Thou shalt always use a computer in ways that ensure consideration and respect for your fellow humans .
( ISC ) ² code of ethics ( ISC ) ² an organization committed to certification of computer security professional has further defined its own code of ethics generally as : Act honestly , justly , responsibly , and legally , and protecting the commonwealth.Work diligently and provide competent services and advance the security profession.Encourage the growth of research -- teach , mentor , and value the certification.Discourage unsafe practices , and preserve and strengthen the integrity of public infrastructures.Observe and abide by all contracts , expressed or implied , and give prudent advice.Avoid any conflict of interest , respect the trust that others put in you , and take on only those jobs you are qualified to perform.Stay current on skills , and do not become involved with activities that could injure the reputation of other security professionals .
See also References External links Association for Computing Machinery , Special Interest Group : Computers and Society websiteInternational Center for Information Ethics websiteThe Centre for Computing and Social Responsibility websiteSafer Internet Center which includes Awareness Node , Helpline and HotlineCyber-Rights and Cyber-Liberties websiteIEEE WebsiteACM websiteISC2 websiteInternet Architecture Board
No More Landmines ( also known as The No More Landmines Trust ) was a United Kingdom based humanitarian landmine relief charity .
The charity focused on landmine and unexploded ordnance removal , mine risk education programmes , and rehabilitation of survivors of landmine injuries .
No More Landmines was established in May 2005 as the UK administrator of the United Nations Association Adopt-A-Minefield campaign , which has cleared over 21 million square metres of affected land since 1999 .
Countries of operation AfghanistanAngolaBosnia-HerzigovinaCambodiaColombiaCroatiaIraqMozambiqueLaosVietnam Fundraising events In March 2007 , the charity launched the Dangerous Grounds Project ; featuring free running in London 's South Bank .
By December 2007 , the website , donated by UK2 , had received 85,000 video views.In London on November 1 , 2007 , The No More Landmines Trust in conjunction with Canadian sculptor Blake Ward opened a temporary exhibition named Fragments , comprising sculptures inspired by landmine victims .
Notes External links Official websiteCharity Commission .
No More Landmines , registered charity no. 1110770 .
William of Lucca ( Guglielmo da Lucca ) ( died 1178 AD ) was an Italian theologian and scholastic philosopher .
He taught at Bologna , in the third quarter of the twelfth century.He wrote a commentary on The Divine Names of Pseudo-Dionysius , combining ideas from Gilbert de la Porrée with those of Eriugena .
He is also the presumed author of Summa artis dialectice , a textbook of logic , influenced by Abelard .
Notes
Glenn L. McCullough Jr. ( born December 18 , 1954 , in Tupelo , Mississippi ) is a Mississippi businessman , Republican Party politician , and economic development professional .
He is currently the executive director of the Mississippi Development Authority , and has previously served as the executive director of the Tennessee Valley Authority and Appalachian Regional Commission .
Early life McCullough is a sixth generation Mississippian .
He attended Mississippi State University where he received a bachelor 's degree in Agricultural Economics in 1977 .
He was vice president of McCullough Steel Products , Inc. and served on the staff of Mississippi Governor Kirk Fordice .
From 1993 to 1997 , McCullough was the executive director of the Appalachian Regional Commission , a Federal-state partnership that supports economic development efforts across 13 states in the eastern United States .
Tennessee Valley Authority After his time at ARC , McCullough was elected mayor of Tupelo in 1997 .
He resigned in 1999 when President Bill Clinton appointed him to the board of the Tennessee Valley Authority .
President George W. Bush nominated McCullough as chair of the board on July 19 , 2001 .
His term expired on May 18 , 2005 .
During this time he also served in an advisory capacity to several Energy related U.S. institutions .
During his tenure with TVA , the utility earned national recognition for its economic development efforts and launched its megasite program .
McCullough 's efforts at TVA were critical to securing Toyota Motor Manufacturing Mississippi , Mississippi ’s second original equipment manufacturer in the automobile industry , which is located on a TVA megasite .
Run for Congress McCullough was a candidate for the U.S. House of Representatives when the seat became vacant due to the appointment of Congressman Roger Wicker to the United States Senate .
After coming in first in the Republican primary , McCullough narrowly lost the Republican runoff to Southaven Mayor Greg Davis who was then defeated in the general election by Democrat Travis Childers .
Mississippi Development Authority In May 2015 , McCullough was appointed by Governor Phil Bryant as the executive director of the Mississippi Development Authority .
In this role , McCullough is the chief administrator responsible for coordinating the state of Mississippi 's efforts in economic development , business recruitment , trade promotion and development , and the Momentum Mississippi campaign.McCullough is married with two sons and lives in Tupelo .
McCullough has been mentioned as a possible Republican candidate for Governor of Mississippi in 2019 .
References External links Glenn L. McCullough , Jr. .
Official Website
MVTV-3 is a Government-access television ( GATV ) cable TV station based in Moreno Valley , California .
The station is broadcast daily on the Time Warner Cable system on channel 3 .
Channel 16 includes MVEdTV and VVTV ( Educational-access television programming for the Moreno Valley Unified School District and the Val Verde Unified School District ) , and KRCC ( Channel 17 ) includes educational programming of the Moreno Valley Campus of Riverside Community College.As of February 2008 , MVTV Channel 3 launched live and on-demand access of the City Council meetings , Planning Commission meetings and other City-produced television programming , using the technology , provided by San Francisco-based Granicus Inc. .
János Göröcs ( born 8 May 1939 , in Gánt ) was a Hungarian footballer .
He played for the club Újpesti Dózsa as a striker and a midfielder , and later for Tatabányai Bányász .
He played 62 games and scored 19 goals for the Hungary national football team .
He is most famous for his participation in the bronze medal winning Hungarian team on the 1960 Summer Olympic Games and for playing on the 1962 FIFA World Cup .
He later became trainer of Újpest .
References
Lars-Kristian " Lasse " Eriksen ( born 28 June 1983 ) is a Norwegian footballer who last played for Odd Grenland in the Norwegian Premier League .
Eriksen has played 19 games for Norway U21 national football team.He started his career with Norwegian side Aalesunds FK , but transferred to Lyn in 2002 .
He came through the Lyn youth system , having attended the Norwegian College of Elite Sport .
After the 2008 campaign he left Lyn to join Lillestrøm SK .
Autumn 2011 he signed for Odd Grenland , binding him to the club from 1 January 2012 .
He is a member of the Christian sports organization Kristen Idrettskontakt ( KRIK ) .
Career statistics As of 21 October 2016 Personal life Lars - Kristian Eriksen is married to journalist and blogger Caroline Berg Eriksen .
References
Shydyr is a village in Jalal-Abad Region of Kyrgyzstan .
Its population was 3,819 in 2009 .
References
Scarborough Centre Bus Terminal , also known as Scarborough Town Centre Bus Terminal or Scarborough Bus Terminal , is an intercity bus terminal in Scarborough City Centre in the Scarborough district of Toronto , Ontario , Canada , located adjacent to its namesake rapid transit station on Line 3 Scarborough of the Toronto Subway .
It is served by GO Transit buses , Greyhound , Coach Canada , Megabus , Can-ar , and other private coach services .
The terminal is adjacent to the Scarborough Town Centre and Scarborough Civic Centre .
Operators GO Transit Hwy 407 East GO Bus Service ( route 51 ) between York University and Pickering GO Station via Centennial College and University of Toronto at ScarboroughOshawa/Yorkdale GO Bus Service ( route 92 ) via Scarborough Centre Bus Terminal and York Mills Bus TerminalDurham College/UOIT GO Bus Service ( route 93 ) Oshawa/Finch Express GO Bus Service ( route 96 ) via Whitby GO Station , Ajax GO Station , and Sheppard-Yonge TTC Station Can-ar Coach Service Can-ar service to Lindsay and Haliburton Coach Canada Coach Canada service to Kingston and Montreal Greyhound Greyhound Canada service to Peterborough-Ottawa-Pembroke Greyhound Canada service to Cobourg-Trenton-Belleville-Ottawa Megabus Megabus service to Kingston and Montreal Nearby landmarks Located in Scarborough 's city centre , nearby landmarks include Scarborough Town Centre shopping mall , the Scarborough Civic Centre , Albert Campbell Square , the Canada Centre government offices , Consilium Place and the Scarborough YMCA .
See also Toronto Coach Terminal References External links GO Transit station page for Scarborough Centre Bus Terminal
The Loraine Baronetcy , of Kirk Harle in the County of Northumberland , was a title in the Baronetage of England .
It was created on 26 September 1664 for Thomas Loraine , High Sheriff of Northumberland .
The second Baronet was Member of Parliament for Northumberland .
The third Baronet was High Sheriff of Northumberland in 1742 , the fourth Baronet in 1774 and the fifth Baronet in 1814 .
The eleventh Baronet was a Rear-Admiral in the Royal Navy .
The twelfth Baronet was a distinguished diplomat .
The title became extinct on his death in 1961 .
The Loraines trace their ancestry back to Robert de Loraine a Norman knight who arrived in England with William the Conqueror .
The Northumbrian estate at Kirkharle Hall was acquired when William Loraine married the Strother heiress of Kirk Harle early in the 15th century .
Capability Brown was born at Kirk Harle and was employed as a youth on the estate by the second Baronet .
Loraine baronets , of Kirk Harle ( 1664 ) Sir Thomas Loraine , 1st Baronet ( 1638 -- 1718 ) Sir William Loraine , 2nd Baronet ( 1658 -- 1744 ) Sir Charles Loraine , 3rd Baronet ( 1701 -- 1755 ) Sir William Loraine , 4th Baronet ( 1749 -- 1809 ) Sir Charles Loraine , 5th Baronet ( 1779 -- 1833 ) Sir William Loraine , 6th Baronet ( 1801 -- 1849 ) Sir Charles Vincent Loraine , 7th Baronet ( 1807 -- 1850 ) Sir Henry Claude Loraine , 8th Baronet ( 1812 -- 1851 ) Sir William Loraine , 9th Baronet ( 1780 -- 1851 ) Sir John Lambton Loraine , 10th Baronet ( 1784 -- 1852 ) Sir Lambton Loraine , 11th Baronet ( 1838 -- 1917 ) Sir Percy Lyham Loraine , 12th Baronet ( 1880 -- 1961 ) References Debrett 's Baronetage of England ( 1839 ) pp123 -- 4 Google BooksLeigh Rayment 's list of baronets
This category is made up of the logos of Caymanian football teams and includes current , historical , and variant logos.Caymanian football clubs are listed in Category : Football clubs in the Cayman Islands .
Siffrey Point ( 63 ° 13 ′ S 57 ° 13 ′ W ) is a low rocky point projecting from the north coast of Trinity Peninsula , Antarctica situated 6.7 miles ( 11 km ) west-northwest of Cape Dubouzet , 2.5 miles ( 4 km ) east-southeast of Prime Head and 5.4 miles ( 9 km ) northwest of Mount Bransfield .
The feature is a reidentification of " Cap Siffrey , " named by Captain Jules Dumont d'Urville in 1838 .
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document " Siffrey Point " ( content from the Geographic Names Information System ) .
Ravine d'Ango is a village on the island of Réunion , located on its southeastern coast .
It depends of the commune of Saint-Philippe
George Demeter ( ; 1896 -- 1983 ) is the author of Demeter 's Manual of Parliamentary Law and Procedure .
The second Wednesday in April has been designated as George Demeter Day in Massachusetts .
Political involvement Demeter served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives for two terms in 1932 and 1934 representing the Back Bay district .
Demeter was the first Greek-American to serve in the Massachusetts House of Representatives , building on the unsuccessful bid of Greek-American Nicholas G. Veniopoulos Nestor in 1922 , who had gained the Republican nomination .
Greek -- American involvement Demeter became involved with the national Greek-American service organization AHEPA soon after it was founded on July 26 , 1922 .
He was President of the Boston Lodge in 1923 .
After Supreme President H. N. Wells was voted out of office in March 1924 , he assumed the role of Supreme President of AHEPA for three months.While serving as Supreme President he contributed an editorial to the 1924 convention edition of " The Ahepa " entitled " Why Greek Organizations Fail ! "
Sometime during this period between 1920 and 1940 , Demeter was president of the Annunciation Greek Orthodox Cathedral of New England .
At the 27th Supreme Convention in 1949 , AHEPA adopted Demeter 's Manual of Parliamentary Law and Procedure for its own use .
Demeter continued to be active in AHEPA as a Past Supreme President .
He participated through at least the 47th Supreme Convention in 1969 .
Demeter was involved in the decision to include the Greek traditions of a laurel wreath and bronze medal in the Boston Marathon .
He crowned the winner of each race and gave them a medal from Greece for each marathon from 1931 to 1947 .
Academic work Demeter was a professor of law at both Boston University and Suffolk University .
He also instructed new members of the Massachusetts Legislature in legislative procedure .
Works Demeter 's Manual of Parliamentary Law and Procedure , 2nd edition , 1949Demeter 's Manual of Parliamentary Law and Procedure , 3rd revised edition , 1950 , Bostonia Press.Demeter 's Manual of Parliamentary Law and Procedure , Universal edition , 1953 , Bostonia Press.Demeter 's Manual of Parliamentary Law and Procedure , Universal Revised , 1961 , Bostonia Press.Demeter 's Manual of Parliamentary Law and Procedure , Blue Book edition , 1969 , Little , Brown and Company.How to Master the Rules of Parliamentary Law and Procedure , 1948 , Mosher Press.Main Motion , 3rd edition , 1943 , BostoniaMaster Parliamentarian , 1948 , BostoniaParliamentary Procedure for Boy 's State , 1949 , BostoniaParliamentary Procedure for Girl 's State , 4th edition , 1942 , BostoniaAhepa Manual : Official Guide of the Order of Ahepa , Containing Early History and Miscellaneous Fundamentals of the Order , 1926 , Boston : Athens Print .
Co. .
References Sources
Alle De Wolde ( born 27 December 1955 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Hawthorn in the VFL.A back pocket specialist , De Wolde arrived at Hawthorn from Box Hill and went on to play with Hawthorn for eight seasons .
He was a member of Hawthorn 's 1978 premiership side .
References Alle De Wolde 's statistics from AFL Tables
Paul Horine Wachtel ( April 30 , 1888 -- December 15 , 1964 ) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball .
He pitched in two games for the 1917 Brooklyn Robins.Wachtel was born in Myersville , Maryland .
He played 13 seasons in the minors in the Texas League and holds the league records for career wins ( 231 ) , complete games ( 242 ) , shutouts ( 32 ) and total innings pitched ( 3,177 ) .
He won 20 or more games six times in the Texas League and is a member of the Texas League Hall of Fame .
He died , aged 76 , in San Antonio , Texas .
External links Career statistics and player information from Baseball-Reference , or Baseball-Reference ( Minors ) Texas League Hall of Fame
Coach managers in their country 's squad for 1954 FIFA World Cup .
The Bank of America Plaza is a 503 feet ( 153 m ) , 40-story skyscraper in Charlotte , North Carolina .
It is the 6th tallest in the city .
It contains 887,079 square feet ( 82,412 m2 ) of rentable area of which 75,000 sq ft ( 7,000 m2 ) of retail space , and the rest office space .
The tower also has below-grade parking garage has space for 456 vehicles and leases a nearby five-level garage , providing 730 additional parking spaces .
It was the tallest building in North Carolina from its completion in 1974 until it was surpassed by One First Union Center in 1987 .
The tower is located at the intersection of East Trade Street and South Tryon Street .
A bronze sculpture entitled " Il Grande Disco " is located in the plaza adjacent to the building .
Behringer Harvard REIT I Inc bought the tower in 2006 .
NCNB Plaza was built along with the 350-room Radisson Plaza .
In 1998 , LaSalle Advisors of Chicago owned NationsBank Plaza and the Radisson Plaza when Omni Hotels , which exited Charlotte two years earlier , bought the hotel with plans for an $ 8 million renovation , making it a Four Diamond luxury hotel .
See also List of tallest buildings in CharlotteList of tallest buildings in North Carolina References External links Emporis42FloorsAllbusinessSkyscraperpage
Military history in the year 1901 .
Kazuki Nakashima ( 中島 かずき , Nakashima Kazuki , born August 19 , 1959 ) is a Japanese playwright , novelist and anime screenwriter .
He was born in Fukuoka , Japan .
He has written scripts for Re : Cutie Honey , Gurren Lagann and Oh !
Edo Rocket .
He was also responsible for the series composition of Gurren Lagann and he wrote the play that was the basis for the anime Oh !
Edo Rocket .
In addition to being in charge of compiling Getter Robo Saga in his own words , " Right now , I 'm producing the book for Japan 's # 1 , Ishikawa-sensei . "
, he 's a big fan of Ken Ishikawa 's works .
Naturally , he takes pride in being a " Getter Person " .
This was the very same Kazuki Nakashima , Futabasha 's chief producer and production representative who works with anime and movie productions .
He was head writer for the tokusatsu Kamen Rider Fourze and is the head writer for Trigger 's first animated series , Kill la Kill .
References External links Kazuki Nakashima at Anime News Network 's encyclopediaKazuki Nakashima anime works at Media Arts Database ( Japanese )
Mike Morin ( born July 20 , 1971 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player .
Morin currently resides in Manchester , UK and is the Assistant Coach for the Manchester Storm .
Early career Born in Melville , Saskatchewan , Morin began his career at NCAA level , playing for Lake Superior State University .
Morin was a regular and reliable first team player , icing in 165 games in four seasons and scoring 129 points in the process.Morin then made the transition to professional standard ice hockey , signing for the ECHL team , the Richmond Renegades .
Again he would produce an excellent points output , with 38 points scored in just 47 appearances .
Unfortunately the Renegades failed to qualify for the post-season .
Morin would step up a level for the following season , 1995/96 , and would line up as a Providence Bruins player .
Although not a regular first teamer at the higher level , Morin would play 25 times during the regular season as well as making a handful of post-season appearances .
In 1996 , Morin would also briefly play roller hockey in the RHI for the San Jose Rhinos before returning to the more familiar ice surface for the following season .
Move to UK Ice Hockey Manchester Storm It would be the 1996/97 season when Morin would make the decision to move to Europe , signing for the Manchester Storm , once the best supported ice hockey team in Europe .
At the time the Storm were playing in the Ice Hockey Superleague , a newly established league which was proving popular with the fans .
It was then the highest standard of ice hockey in Europe .
Morin proved himself to be somewhat of an ' unsung hero ' for the Storm , and through his hard work and dedication became one of the most important players on the team.Morin showed loyalty to the Storm , playing for them for six seasons in total , up until the end of the 2001/02 season when his contract was not renewed by then head coach Daryl Lipsey .
Morin 's work rate , effort and physical style combined with his loyalty to the organisation meant that he was firmly established as a ' fan favourite ' in Manchester by the time of his departure , with many fans calling for a testimonial game .
BNL and Sheffield Steelers After his contract was not renewed , Morin took the opportunity to sign for the Hull Thunder , a team icing in the British National League , generally regarded as the league below the ISL .
Morin 's experience at the higher level served him well as he scored 17 points in 22 games .
It would be a brief spell in the BNL for Morin as he would be signed , part way through the season by the ISL Sheffield Steelers .
It was a move that many saw as controversial due to the intense rivalry between the Storm and the Steelers , often referred to as the ' War of the Roses ' .
Manchester Phoenix Morin was released by the Steelers in 2003 , and was promptly re-signed with the newly established Manchester Phoenix organisation - he was in fact head coach Rick Brebant 's first signing .
The Phoenix had been established following the collapse of the Manchester Storm in 2003 due to off-ice financial problems .
The 2003/04 season would be the Phoenix 's first competitive season and it would be in the Elite Ice Hockey League , which was formed after the gradual meltdown of the ISL .
Morin re-claimed his place as fan favourite in Manchester and was installed as alternate captain as a recognition for his years of service to ice hockey in Manchester .
Morin is one of a handful of players to have played for both Manchester Storm and Manchester Phoenix.At the end of the 2003/04 season , the Phoenix franchise would be temporarily suspended , again due to financial costs .
This prompted Morin to declare his retirement from the game .
Morin is still a widely popular figure in U.K. ice hockey , especially in Manchester , where he is regarded as one of the most respected players to play professional standard ice hockey in the city .
Move into Coaching On the 24h November 2015 , it was announced that Morin would be returning to the Manchester Storm as Assistant Coach .
Morin remains in this position as of the 2017/18 season .
Shirt Retirement At the end of the 2016/17 season , it was announced by the Manchester Storm organisation that Morin 's number 15 shirt would be shirt retirement for services to Manchester Storm both as a player and assistant coach .
The shirt retirement took place on 12 November 2017 prior to a match against Milton Keynes Lightning .
Career statistics References External links Biographical information and career statistics from The Internet Hockey DatabaseMike Morin Personal Profile , Manchester Phoenix Official Website . "
Morin Reveals Storm Snub " , Manchester Evening News , 29/09/02
The Kokusai Ki-59 ( 一式輸送機 , Isshiki-yusōki ) was an early 1940s light transport monoplane built by Nippon Kokusai Koku Kogyo K.K for the Imperial Japanese Army as a development of the Teradako-ken TK-3 which had first flown in 1938 .
Development The Teradako-ken TK-3 was a prototype eight-to-ten passenger light transport monoplane built by Nippon Koku Kogyo Kabushiki Kaisha as a short-range transport for civil use at the request of Imperial Japanese Airways to replace its aging fleet of Airspeed Envoys and Fokker Super Universals .
The first of two prototypes flew in June 1938 , but was unable to meet the required performance requirements and the project was cancelled .
In 1939 , the Imperial Japanese Army revived the project to meet its urgent requirement for a light transport and liaison aircraft and instructed Nippon to develop the design as the Ki-59 .
The Ki-59 was a high-wing cantilever monoplane with a fixed tailwheel landing gear and conventional single vertical tail surfaces .
It was powered by two 450 hp ( 336 kW ) Hitachi Ha-13a radial engines and other modifications to the design were made to meet Army requirements .
The Ki-59 was ordered into production in 1941 with the designation Army Type 1 Transport , and an additional 59 units were produced .
After the start of World War II , the aircraft was given the Allied reporting name Theresa .
Despite the more powerful engines and modifications sponsored by the Japanese Army , the Ki-59 remained a poor performer and saw little service before being replaced by the more capable Tachikawa Ki-54 .
A small number were transferred to Manchukuo National Airways.Near the end of 1941 one Ki-59 was modified into a glider with the removal of the engines and the landing gear replaced by underfuselage skids .
It was designated the Ku-8-I or Army Experimental Glider .
This was further developed as the Ku-8-II or Army Type 4 Large Transport Glider which became the only operationally-used Japanese assault glider .
It was named ' Gander ' by the Allies .
Variants TK-3 Prototype civil transport with two 640 hp ( 477 kW ) Nakajima Kotobuki 3 radial engines , two built.Ki-59 ( Army Type 1 Transport ) ( " Theresa " ) Production military transport with two 450 hp ( 336 kW ) Hitachi Ha-13a radial engines , 59 built.Ku-8-I ( Army Experimental Glider ) Experimental conversion to glider configuration.Ku-8-II ( Army Type 4 Large Transport Glider ) ( " Gander " ) Assault-glider variant .
Operators JapanImperial Japanese Army Air Force ManchukuoManchukuo National Airways Specifications ( Ki-59 ) Data from Japanese Aircraft of the Pacific WarGeneral characteristicsCrew : 3Capacity : Eight passengersLength : 12.5 m ( 41 ft 0 ⅛ in ) Wingspan : 17 m ( 55 ft 9 1/4 in ) Height : 3.05 m ( 10 ft 0 in ) Wing area : 38.4 m2 ( 413 ft2 ) Empty weight : 2,880 kg ( 6,349 lb ) Gross weight : 4,120 kg ( 9,083 lb ) Powerplant : 2 × Hitachi Ha-13a radial engine , 336 kW ( 450 hp ) eachPerformanceCruising speed : 300 km/h ( 186 mph ) Range : 800 km ( 497 miles ) See also Related listsList of aircraft of World War IIList of military aircraft of Japan References NotesBibliography
Mohegan-Pequot ( also known as Mohegan-Pequot-Montauk , Secatogue , and Shinnecock-Poosepatuck ; dialects in New England included Mohegan , Pequot , and Niantic ; and on Long Island , Montauk and Shinnecock ) is an extinct Algonquian language formerly spoken by indigenous peoples in southern present-day New England and eastern Long Island .
History The Mohegan Indian Tribe was historically based in central southern Connecticut .
While originally part of the Pequot people , it gradually became independent and allied with English colonists in the Pequot War of 1637 .
This broke the power in the region of the Pequot who were formerly the dominant tribe .
In reward , the English gave Western Pequot taken as captives to the Mohegan .
20th century to present In 1933 John E. Hamilton , also known as Chief Rolling Cloud , was appointed Grand Sachem for Life of the Mohegan by his mother , Alice Storey .
The Mohegan had a matrilineal kinship system , and male leaders were chosen by women elders from families with hereditary claims to the position .
Storey was a direct descendant of Uncas , the great 17th-century leader of the Mohegan Nation , and of Tamaquashad , Grand Sachem of the Pequot Nation .
In Mohegan tradition , the position of tribal leadership called Grand Sachem had always been hereditary through the maternal line.Gladys Tantaquidgeon , who died at the age of 106 in 2005 , served for years as the Tribe 's medicine woman and unofficial historian .
She became an anthropologist and worked for a decade with the federal Bureau of Indian Affairs .
Returning to Connecticut , she operated her family 's tribal Tantaquidgeon Museum for more than 50 years , beginning in 1947 .
It was one of the first museums to be owned and operated by Native Americans.John Hamilton was a key figure among Native American leaders initiating late twentieth century land claims suits .
Tribes in the Northeast had long interaction with European Americans .
There was continued encroachment of their lands , even when colonial-era reservations were established .
By the early 20th century , many of the tribes in the Northeast were essentially landless.In the period of mid - and late-20th century increased Native American activism , the Mohegan and other Northeast tribes filed federal land claims suits seeking to recover land or compensation for what they had lost .
The courts ruled in their favor , in cases in which states had conducted illegal arrangements with tribal leaders , without gaining US Senate approval .
Congress passed bills to ratify these settlements , which often involved compensation for lands lost , or land set aside for the tribes , and sometimes compensation , in addition to official federal recognition of the groups as tribes .
The so-called " state tribes " were those along the East Coast who had been recognized by the English Crown through treaties and other documentation long before individual colonial or state governments had been established .
But , as the Native people lost their traditional lands and were not assigned reservations , they did not maintain their sovereign legal status associated with federal recognition.In the 1960s , during a period of rising activism among Native Americans , Hamilton filed a number of land claims authorized by the " Council of Descendants of Mohegan Indians . "
The group had some 300 members at the time.In 1970 the Montville , Connecticut faction of the Mohegan expressed its dissatisfaction with Hamilton 's land-claims litigation .
They wanted a change in direction .
When the Hamilton supporters left a council meeting , the remainder elected Courtland Fowler as their new leader .
Notes of that Council meeting referred to Hamilton as Sachem.The group led by John Hamilton worked with the attorney Jerome Griner in federal land claims through the 1970s .
The Fowler faction opposed this .
In addition , a Kent , Connecticut property owners ' organization , with native and non-native members , opposed the Hamilton land claims and the petition for federal recognition .
These people were worried that their property values might be affected .
Federal process for recognition In response to the petitions by additional tribes seeking federal recognition , in 1978 the Bureau of Indian Affairs ( BIA ) established a formal administrative process and criteria to be satisfied to prove cultural continuity ; they established these in consultation with federally recognized tribes .
That year , as authorized by the Council of Descendants , Hamilton submitted the Mohegan Tribe 's first petition for federal recognition.John Hamilton died in 1988 .
In his will , he named Eleanor Fortin as the Grand Sachem of the Mohegan people .
She became the leader of the " Hamilton group , " which continued to contend with the " Fowler faction " over tribal policy .
Despite their disagreements , both groups continued to participate in tribal activities and to identify as Mohegan people.By 1989 , the Fowler faction had revived Hamilton 's 1978 petition for federal recognition , which had been dormant for some years .
The BIA 's preliminary finding was that the Mohegan had not satisfied the criteria of documenting continuity in social community , and demonstrating political authority and influence as a tribe , through the twentieth century.In 1990 , the Mohegan under Fowler submitted a detailed response to address the BIA 's concerns .
They included compiled genealogies and other records , some of which had been collected and preserved by Hamilton and his followers .
For instance , Eleanor Fortin had allowed the MTIC ( Mohegan Tribe of Indians of Connecticut ) researchers access to records pertaining to the Mohegan Congregational Church in Montville .
The researchers had assured Fortin that if federal recognition were achieved , it would cover the entire surviving Mohegan population .
They also used records maintained by Gladys Tantaquidgeon , who had kept genealogy and vital statistics of tribal members for her anthropological research.In 1990 , the MTIC ruled the tribe 's membership be restricted to documented descendants from a single family , ca. 1860 .
This criteria excludes some of the Hamilton followers .
By law , a federally recognized tribe has the authority to determine its own rules for membership .
The MTIC tried to sue other Mohegan over their use of the tribal identity as well as their crafting , but they were unsuccessful .
Final determination , 1994 In its 1994 " Final Determination , " the BIA cited the vital statistics and genealogies as documents that were decisive in demonstrating " that the tribe did indeed have social and political continuity during the middle of the 20th century . "
The former Fowler group gained federal recognition as the Mohegan Tribe of Indians of Connecticut ( MTIC ) .
They do not acknowledge John Hamilton as Grand Sachem in their history , but say that Harold Tantaquidgeon was their chief prior to the era of federal recognition.That same year , Congress passed the Mohegan Nation ( Connecticut ) Land Claim Settlement Act , which authorized the United States to take land into trust to establish a reservation for the Mohegan and settle their land claim .
The final 1994 agreement between MTIC and the State in the settlement of land claims extinguished all pending land claims.The Mohegan Tribe of Indians of Connecticut is the only federally recognized tribe of the Mohegan people.Descendants of the followers of John Hamilton continue to function as a Mohegan band independently of the MTIC .
They hold periodic gatherings and activities .
Language endangerment and revitalization efforts As of 2014 , there are between 1,400 and 1,700 recorded tribal members ( these figures vary by source ) .
The Mohegan language has been dormant for approximately 100 years ; the last native speaker , Fidelia A.H. Fielding , died in 1908 .
Fielding , a descendant of Chief Uncas , is deemed the preserver of the language .
She left four diaries that are being used in the 21st-century process of restoring the language .
She also took part in preserving the traditional culture .
She practiced a traditional Mohegan way of life and was the last person to live in the traditional log dwelling.Another important tribal member was Gladys Tantaquidgeon , who was the tribe 's medicine woman from 1916 until her death in 2005 .
She too assisted greatly in maintaining the Mohegan culture , as she collected thousands of tribal documents and artifacts .
These documents were of critical importance to supporting the tribe 's documentation for its case for federal recognition , which was approved in 1994 .
As of 2010 , the Shinnecock and Unkechaug nations of Long Island , New York , had begun work with the State University of New York at Stony Brook , Southampton Campus , to revive their languages , or dialects of the above.As of 2012 , the Mohegan Language Project had created lessons , a dictionary , and other online learning materials to revive their language .
The project also has a complete grammar in the works , which has been put together by Stephanie Fielding .
The primary goal of the project is for the next generation of Mohegan people to be fluent.Many of the dictionaries circulating are based on Prince and Speck 's interpretation of testimony by the Mohegan woman , Dji 's Butnaca ( Flying Bird ) , also known as Fidelia A.H. Fielding.The Mashantucket Pequot Museum and Research Center collection includes a 1992 menu " which attempts to translate such words as hamburger and hot dog into Mohegan-Pequot . "
The language was documented as early as the 17th century . "
In 1690 , a Pequot vocabulary list was compiled by Rev. James Noyes in Groton .
In 1717 , Experience Mayhew , a Congregational Minister translated the Lord 's Prayer into Mohegan-Pequot .
Ezra Stiles , president of Yale University collected Pequot linguistic data in Groton in 1762 . "
Bahá ' í prayers have been translated into the Mohegan-Pequot language . "
It is a sacred obligation , " says the Golden Hill Paugussett Chief , Big Eagle . "
Indian people must keep their languages alive .
If the language is not spoken , it must be made to live again . "
Phonology Vowel Sounds Simple vowels Diphthongs Morphology NounsNouns in Mohegan have two forms : animate and inanimate .
They are further distinguished by number .
Animate nouns include people , animals , heavenly bodies ( sun , moon , stars , but not clouds ) , and spirits .
There are other items that call fall into the category of animate such as certain cultural items and plants , but it is not known why these items are considered animate .
It is something that is simply learned and memorized .
One way to help identify if a noun is animate or inanimate is to look at its plural form .
Plural animate nouns typically end in - k while plural inanimate nouns ends in - sh.Animate nouns have four forms : singular , plural , obviative and locative .
The obviative form is used when there are two or more animate third persons in a sentence .
The obviative is used when a noun or pronoun is the object of the verb ( the object is the obviate ) , or if the third person is possessed by another person .
The locative is used to show where something is spatially .
Note that there is no obviative form for inanimate nouns , and neither the obviative nor the locative have plural forms ( plurality is known through context ) .
VerbsVerbs in Mohegan come in several forms .
Independent verbs exist in four forms : inanimate intransitive , animate intransitive , transitive inanimate and transitive animate .
There is also the conjunct form which does not carry the affixes ( used to clarify person ) that the aforementioned hold .
Person , number and gender PersonMohegan animate intransitive verbs show who the subject is by utilizing affixes .
Singular forms have prefixes , but third person ( singular and plural ) only have suffixes .
In the plural forms there are inclusive and exclusive suffixes ; the inclusive we includes the person who is speaking as well as the person he/she is talking to whereas the exclusive we does not include the person the speaker is talking to .
When an animate intransitive verb stem ends in a long vowel ( á , i , o or ô ) the 3rd person singular does not take a final - w , and in the 3rd person plural these same verbs take - k as an ending in lieu of - wak .
* affixes indicated in bold type * affixes indicated in bold typeNumbers Space Locative caseThe locative case is used to show where something is .
Mohegan utilizes the suffix - uk to indicate spatial relationships , which can be compared to the English prepositions " on , " " at , " and " in . "
In Mohegan there is no plural form to go with the obviative and the locative : the same form is used for singular and plural with the difference being distinguished by context.Example of the Locative CaseAbsentative caseThe absentative case is used to when referencing a person who has died ( this includes any property that they left behind ) .
This is accomplished by adding a suffix to either his/her name , title or the property .
* suffix indicated by bold typeThe following example shows the absentative case in use : Niswi nusihsuk wikôtamak áposuhutut.Both of my late uncles enjoyed cooking .
Syntax PossessionIn Mohegan any noun can be possessed , however , there is a distinction in possessive relationships and that is the alienability distinction .
Some nouns are able to stand alone without showing possession ( alienable ) , while others must show a possessor ( inalienable ) .
Nouns pertaining to kinship and body parts are always classified as inalienable , but there are some terms that do n't fall under either of these umbrellas that must be classified as inalienable such as the noun " home . "
Various affixes are used to denote inalienability and different affixes are used to differentiate animate/inanimate and singular/plural .
Additionally , when a term requires possession but the possessor is unclear or unknown it is marked with prefix that indicates an indefinite possessor.The locative ( - uk ) and obviate ( - ah ) suffixes are added to the 1st , 2nd , and 3rd person singular forms .
Whether the word is singular or plural should be suggested in the content of the sentence .
The obviate affixes only go on animate nouns.When a possessed noun is plural it must be shown .
With an animate noun then suffix - ak is combined with the possessive ending ( with the exception of third person singular and third person plural , where the plural is the same as the singular ) .
* affixes on all charts are marked by bold typeClause CombiningIn Mohegan grammar verbs that are in a dependent clause are said to be in the conjunct order .
Conjunct verbs have the same numbers of persons for each verb , but they do not have prefixes , only suffixes .
In turn , all of the person information is at the end of the word .
* suffixes on chart marked by bold typeExample : Mô yáyuw maci ákacuyǒn.Translation : It was so bad that I am ashamed.When in the conjunct form if the first vowel of the word is a short vowel , that is / a / or / u / , it changes to a long / á / .
Transitive verbs with inanimate objects take only a suffix as well .
The suffix vary based on the ending of the stem.For stems that end in - m - or - n - the suffixes are as follows :1 st person singular : - ôn2nd person singular : - an3rd person singular : - k1st person plural : - ak2nd person plural : - áq3rd person plural : - hutut3rd person plural participle : - kikIndefinite subject ( passive ) : - ukFor stems that end in - o - the suffixes are as follows :1 st person singular : - yôn2nd person singular : - yan3rd person singular : - ôk1st person plural : - yak2nd person plural : - yáq3rd person plural : - w ' hutut3rd person plural participle : - ôkikIndefinite subject ( passive ) : - mukFor stems that end in - u - the suffixes are as follows :1 st person singular : - wôn2nd person singular : - wan3rd person singular : - k1st person plural : - wak2nd person plural : - wáq3rd person plural : - ' hutut3rd person plural participle : - kikIndefinite subject ( passive ) : - muk See also Mohegan peoplePequotMontaukettNiantic peopleShinnecock Indian Nation Notes References Mashantucket Pequot Research Library , Pequot and Related Languages , A Bibliography Articles Cowan , William .
Pequot from Stiles to Speck .
International Journal of American Linguistics .
The University of Chicago Press .
Vol .
39 , No. 3 ( Jul. , 1973 ) , pp. 164 -- 172De Forest , John W. " The Lord 's Prayer in the Pequot Tongue . "
In History of the Indians of Connecticut .
1852 .
Reprint , Brighton , MI : Native American Book Publishers , 1994 .
Michelson , Truman . "
The Linguistic Classification of Pequot-Mohegan . "
American Anthropologist 26 ( 1924 ) : 295 .
doi :10.1525 / aa .1924.26.2.02 a00240Pickering , John , ed . "
Doctor Edwards ' Observations on the Mohegan Languages . "
Collections of the Massachusetts Historical Society .
Series 2 Volume 10 ( 1823 ) : 81-160 .
Prince , J. Dyneley and Frank G. Speck . "
Glossary of the Mohegan-Pequot Language . "
American Anthropologist 6 ( 1904 ) : 18-45 .
doi :10.1525 / aa .1904.6.1.02 a00030Prince , J. Dyneley and Frank G. Speck . "
The Modern Pequots and Their Language . "
American Anthropologist 5 ( 1903 ) : 193-212 .
doi :10.1525 / aa .1903.5.2.02 a00010Speck , Frank . "
A Modern Mohegan-Pequot Text . "
American Anthropologist 6 ( 1904 ) : 469-76 .
doi :10.1525 / aa .1904.6.4.02 a00070Speck , Frank and Fidelia Fielding . "
A Pequot Mohegan Witchcraft Tale . "
Journal of American Folklore 16 ( 1903 ) : 104-6 .
Speck , Frank . "
Native Tribes and Dialects of Connecticut : A Mohegan-Pequot Diary . "
Smithsonian Institution Bureau of American Ethnology Annual Report 43 ( 1903 ) : 199-287 .
Speck , Frank .
Speck Papers and Photograph Collection .
( 17 microfilm reels ) Speck , Frank . "
Text of the Pequot Sermon . "
American Anthropologist 5 ( 1903 ) : 199-212 .
External links Mohegan Language Project , website with assorted Mohegan Language resourcesA Modern Mohegan Dictionary ( 2006 Edition ) -- contains Guide to Using the Dictionary , Mohegan Grammar Paradigms , Mohegan to English Dictionary , and English to Mohegan Word FinderMohegan-English Dictionary ( November 2008 edition ) -- update of the Mohegan to English Dictionary section of aboveMahican vs. MoheganOLAC resources in and about the Mohegan-Pequot language
Mariamne is a 1725 French tragedy by Augustin Nadal based around the Herodian dynasty.Nadal was encouraged to produce the play after his rival Voltaire 's play on the same story had failed after only one performance the previous year ( 1724 ) .
However , at the play 's February 1725 premiere at the Comédie-Française , the audience booed its opening scenes and demanded that Voltaire 's play be put on instead.Nadal was convinced his own Mariamne had failed because of Voltaire 's " brigue horrible et scandaleuse " that set Paris against it , and said so in the preface to the printed play , accusing him of bringing a cabal into the audience at the premiere to disrupt it .
This gave Voltaire the opportunity to reply under a pseudonym with withering compliments ( " Lettre de M. Thieriot à M. l'Abbé Nadal " , 1725 ) , commiserating with Nadal , that it was solely the machinations of Voltaire 's intrigues " that one hears it said so scandalously that you are the worst versifier of the century and the most tiresome writer . "
Voltaire 's fine-honed savagery inspired Nadal to excise the uncomplimentary remarks about Voltaire in his prefaces when he came to collect and publish the plays in 1736 with others of his poems , in three small volumes .
But it is in Voltaire 's response that the abbé Nadal is remembered .
References Marvin Carlson , Voltaire and the Theatre of the Eighteenth Century ( Greenwood Publishing Group , 1998 ) , pages 16 -- 17
Arthur Harris may refer to : Sir Arthur Harris ( High Sheriff of Essex ) ( 1530 -- 1597 ) , High Sheriff of Essex , EnglandArthur Harris ( MP ) ( fl .
1601 -- 1632 ) , Member of Parliament for Maldon and Essex , and High Sheriff of Essex for 1625 -- 26Sir Arthur Harris , 1st Baronet , of Stowford ( c. 1650 -- 1686 ) , English politicianSir Arthur Harris , 1st Baronet ( 1892 -- 1984 ) , head of RAF Bomber Command during World War IIJames Arthur Harris ( 1880 -- 1930 ) , American botanist and biometricianArt Harris ( 1947 -- 2007 ) , American basketball playerArthur Harris , a character from The Odd Job , a 1978 comedy film starring Graham Chapman of Monty Python fame
Les Charts was a 1990s French musical group .
History This band was composed of Charly ( real name Calogero Maurici ) , his brother Jacky ( Gioacchino Maurici ) and their childhood friends Francis ( Francis Maggiulli ) and Fred Mattia who left the group six months after its foundation .
They are all from Échirolles ( near Grenoble , France ) .
The group disestablished in 1998 after the very small success of their latest album , Changer.All members of Les Charts continued with solo musical careers .
They also continued to co-write songs together , first , under the name of Calogero Bros. whereas later on their collaborations were signed by the listing of their individual names.Calogero Maurici , known by his mononym Calogero , is a very well-known singer songwriter in France with a considerable charting success and fame .
Discography Albums L'Océan sans fond ( 1989 ) Notre Monde à nous ( 1991 ) Hannibal ( 1994 ) Acte 1 ( 1995 ) - # 19 in France , # 15 in BelgiumChanger ( 1997 ) Singles " Je ris , je pleure " , 1989 " Je m ' envole " , 1990 - # 45 in France " L'océan sans fond " , 1990 " Notre monde à nous " , 1992 " Aime-moi encore " , 1993 - # 13 in France " Hautbois dormant " , 1993 " Les moustiques " , 1994 " Libre enfin " , 1995 " Je m ' envole ( live ) " , 1995 - # 37 in France " Les Filles de l'aurore " , 1995 " Changer " , 1997 " Être humain " , 1997 References
The Pavel Bure Most Exciting Player Award is an annual award presented by the Vancouver Canucks to the player judged to be team 's most exciting as voted by the fans .
It is one of six annual team awards presented to Canucks players , awarded on the last home game of the regular season .
Although the Canucks Media Guide does not recognize any recipients prior to the 1992 -- 93 season , there is record of an annual winner every year since the Canucks ' inaugural season in 1970 .
Prior to the 2013-14 NHL season , the award was simply known as the Most Exciting Player Award .
On November 1 , 2013 , Canucks Sports & Entertainment announced that it would be renamed the Pavel Bure Most Exciting Player Award in honor of the team 's first Hockey Hall of Fame inductee and five-time winner of the award , Pavel Bure .
The most recent recipient is Bo Horvat , who received the award for the 2015-16 season.The most prolific award winners in Canucks history have been : Tony Tanti -- 5 times ( 1984 -- 88 ) Pavel Bure -- 5 ( 1992 -- 1995 , 1998 ) Todd Bertuzzi -- 4 ( 2000 , 2002 -- 2004 ) Bobby Lalonde -- 3 ( 1975 -- 1977 ) Alexandre Burrows - 3 ( 2008 -- 10 ) Award winners See also Babe Pratt TrophyCyclone Taylor TrophyCyrus H. McLean TrophyFred J. Hume AwardMolson Cup References External links Official Canucks Award Winner Archive on Canucks.comCanucks Award List
Christopher G. Thorne ( 1934 -- 20 April 1992 ) was a British historian and a professor of international relations at the University of Sussex .
He specialised in studying the Pacific War .
He was a resident fellow at the Netherlands Institute for Advanced Study and a fellow of the British Academy .
Thorne achieved some fame for his new approaches to international history , emphasising the importance of transnational research and perspectives.He was the first non-American to win the Bancroft Prize for American history , awarded in 1979 for his book Allies of a Kind : The United States , Britain and the War Against Japan , 1941 -- 1945 .
Bibliography The Approach of War , 1938 -- 1939 , Humanity Press ( 1967 ) ISBN 0-333-03478-3The Limits of Foreign Policy : The West , The League , and the Far Eastern Crisis of 1931 -- 1933 , Palgrave Macmillan ( 1973 ) ISBN 0-333-15043-0Allies of a Kind : the United States , Britain , and the War against Japan , 1941 -- 1945 , Oxford University Press ( 1978 ) ISBN 0-19-520034-9The Issue of War : States , Societies , and the Far Eastern Conflict of 1941 -- 1945 , Oxford University Press ( 1985 ) ISBN 0-19-520474-3Border Crossings : Studies in International History , Blackwell ( 1988 ) ISBN 0-631-16062-0Between the Seas : A Quiet Walk through Crete , Sinclair-Stevenson ( 1994 ) ISBN 1-85619-188-5 References
Frogmore is an unincorporated community on St. Helena Island in Beaufort County , South Carolina , United States , along U.S. Route 21 .
Located halfway between Beaufort and Hunting Island State Park , the Frogmore area is primarily rural but is considered to be the commercial center of St. Helena Island .
Frogmore is also the name of a plantation that has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
The plantation is located off Seaside Road on Frogmore Manor Drive and is significant for its association with Laura Towne and Ellen Murray , the founders of Penn School.Frogmore is renowned for being home to the Penn School Historic District , known as Penn Center , a National Historic Landmark .
Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. studied and lectured at Penn Center during the formative years of his career as a civil rights leader .
The museum at Penn Center is a noted cultural attraction and attracts tourists worldwide who are also interested in learning more about this region of the coastal Southeastern United States.Frogmore Stew , a popular Lowcountry dish originated in the Frogmore community.In addition to Frogmore Plantation and the Penn School Historic District , the Emanuel Alston House , Dr. York Bailey House , Coffin Point Plantation , Coffin Point Plantation Caretaker 's House , The Corner Packing Shed , The Corner Store and Office , Eddings Point Community Praise House , Fort Fremont Battery , Fort Fremont Hospital , Edgar Fripp Mausoleum , St. Helena Island Parish Church , Isaac Fripp House Ruins , The Green , Mary Jenkins Community Praise House , Lands End Road Tabby Ruins , The Oaks , Orange Grove Plantation , Pine Island Plantation Complex , Riverside Plantation Tabby Ruins , St. Helena Parish Chapel of Ease Ruins , St. Helenaville Archaeological Site , Sams Plantation Complex Tabby Ruins , Robert Simmons House , and Tombee Plantation are listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
References External links Frogmore , Charleston County ( near int .
of S.C. Hwy .
174 & Laurel Hill Rd. , Edisto Island )
In the Gallagher -- Hollander degradation ( 1946 ) pyruvic acid is removed from a linear aliphatic carboxylic acid yielding a new acid with two carbon atoms fewer .
The original publication concerns the conversion of bile acid in a series of reactions : acid chloride ( 2 ) formation with thionyl chloride , diazoketone formation ( 3 ) with diazomethane , chloromethyl ketone formation ( 4 ) with hydrochloric acid , organic reduction of chlorine to methylketone ( 5 ) , ketone halogenation to 6 , elimination reaction with pyridine to enone 7 and finally oxidation with chromium trioxide to bisnorcholanic acid 8 .
References
Nyldy is a village in the Talas Region of north-west Kyrgyzstan .
Its population was 687 in 2009 .
References
Gay affirmative psychotherapy is a form of psychotherapy for non-heterosexuals , specifically gay and lesbian clients , which focuses on client comfort in working towards authenticity and self-acceptance regarding sexual orientation , and does not attempt to " change " them to heterosexual , or to " eliminate or diminish " same-sex " desires and behaviors " .
The American Psychological Association ( APA ) offers guidelines and materials for gay affirmative psychotherapy .
Affirmative psychotherapy states that homosexuality or bisexuality is not a mental illness , in accordance with global scientific consensus .
In fact , embracing and affirming gay identity can be a key component to recovery from other mental illnesses or substance abuse .
Clients whose religious beliefs are interpreted as teaching against homosexual behavior may require some other method of integration of their possibly conflicting religious and sexual selves .
Guidelines Countering psychiatry over the past hundred years that saw homosexuality to be a mental illness , current guidelines instead encourage psychotherapists to assist patients in overcoming the stigma of homosexuality rather than the sexual orientation .
Because some mental health professionals are unfamiliar with the social difficulties of the coming out process , particular to other factors such as age , race , ethnicity , or religious affiliation , they are encouraged by the APA to learn more about how gay , lesbian , and bisexual clients face discrimination in its various forms .
Many gays and lesbians are rejected from their own families and form their own familial relationships and support systems that may also be unfamiliar to mental health professionals , who are encouraged to take into account the diversity of extended relationships in lieu of family .
For some clients , acting on same-sex attraction may not be a fulfilling solution as it may conflict with their religious beliefs ; licensed mental health providers may approach such a situation by neither rejecting nor promoting celibacy .
Research One of the emerging areas of research regarding gay affirmative psychotherapy is related to the process of assisting LGBTQ individuals from religious backgrounds feel comfortable with their sexual and gender orientation .
Narrative analyses of clinicians ' reports regarding gay affirmative psychotherapy suggest that the majority of conflicts discussed within the therapeutic context by gay men and their relatives from religious backgrounds are related to the interaction between family , self , and religion .
Clinicians report that gay men and their families struggle more frequently with the institution , community , and practices of religion rather than directly with God .
Chana Etengoff and Colette Daiute report in the Journal of Homosexuality that clinicians most frequently address these tensions by emphasizing the mediational strategies of increasing self-awareness , seeking secular support ( e.g. , PFLAG ) , and increasing positive communication between family members .
German government action In March 2008 , the German federal government ( CDU/SPD ) summarized the professional consensus as indicating that homosexuality is not an illness , and that conversion therapy is dangerous and does n't help homosexual people .
Voluntary changes to sexual orientation are not an option , according to the administration 's answer to parliamentary questioning , as these attempts may cause personal harm .
The German government also made the point that Gay Affirmative Psychotherapy can help clients .
Literature Adelman , M. ( 1990 ) .
Stigma , gay lifestyles , and adjustment to aging : A study of later-life gay men and lesbians .
Journal of Homosexuality , 20 ( 3-4 ) , 7-32 .
Allen , M. , & Burrell , N. ( 1996 ) .
Comparing the impact of homosexual and heterosexual parents on children : Meta-analysis of existing research .
Journal of Homosexuality , 32 ( 2 ) , 19-35 .
Allison , K. , Crawford , I. , Echemendia , R. , Robinson , L. , Knepp , D. ( 1994 ) .
Human diversity and professional competence : Training in clinical and counseling psychology revisited .
American Psychologist , 49 , 792-796 .
American Psychological Association .
( 1998 ) .
Appropriate therapeutic responses to sexual orientation in the proceedings of the American Psychological Association , Incorporated , for the legislative year 1997 .
American Psychologist , 53 ( 8 ) , 882-939 .
Browning , C. ( 1987 ) .
Therapeutic issues and intervention strategies with young adult lesbian clients : A developmental approach .
Journal of Homosexuality , 14 ( 1/2 ) , 45-52 .
Buhrke , R. ( 1989 ) .
Female student perspectives on training in lesbian and gay issues .
Counseling Psychologist , 17 , 629-636 .
Cabaj , R. , & Klinger , R. ( 1996 ) .
Psychotherapeutic interventions with lesbian and gay couples .
In R. Cabaj & T. Stein ( Eds . )
, Textbook of homosexuality and mental health ( pp. 485 -- 502 ) .
Washington , DC : American Psychiatric Press.Canadian Psychological Association .
( 1995 ) .
Canadian code of ethics for psychologists .
[ On-line ] .
Available : http://www.cycor.ca/Psych/ethics/htmlCornett , C. ( 1993 ) .
Affirmative Dynamic Psychotherapy With Gay Men .
New York : Jason Aronson Press .
ISBN 978-1-56821-001-8Journal of Gay & Lesbian Psychotherapy , Homosexuality and Psychoanalysis revisited , 2002 , 6 .
ed. , Nr .
1Richard Isay , ( 1993 ) .
Schwul sein .
Die psychologische Entwicklung des Homosexuellen .
München : Piper .
ISBN 3-492-11683-3 ( Original 1989 : Being homosexual .
Gay men and their development .
New York : Farrar , Straus , and Giroux . )
Etengoff , C. & Daiute , C. , ( 2015 ) .
Clinicians ’ perspectives of religious families ’ and gay men ’s negotiation of sexual orientation disclosure and prejudice , Journal of Homosexuality , 62 ( 3 ) , 394-426 .
doi : 10.1080 / 00918369.2014.977115 Pachankis , J. E. , & Goldfried , M. R. ( 2004 ) .
Clinical issues in working with lesbian , gay , and bisexual clients .
Psychotherapy : Theory , Research , Practice , and Training , 41 , 227-246 .
Udo Rauchfleisch , ( 2002 ) .
Gleich und doch anders : Psychotherapie und Beratung von Lesben , Schwulen , Bisexuellen und ihren Angehörigen .
Stuttgart : Klett-Cotta .
ISBN 3-608-94236-XKathleen Ritter and Anthony Terndrup , ( 2002 ) .
Handbook of Affirmative Psychotherapy with Lesbians and Gay Men .
New York : Guilford .
ISBN 1-57230-714-5 References
Ron ( also known as Challa , Chala ) is an Afro-Asiatic language spoken in Plateau State , Nigeria .
Dialects include Bokkos , Daffo-Butura ( incl .
Mangar ) , Monguna ( Shagawu , 20,000 speakers ) .
Blench ( 2006 ) considers these to be separate languages .
Notes References Uwe Seibert .
1998 .
Das ron von Daffo ( Jos-Plateau , zentralnigeria ) : Morphologische , syntaktische und textlinguistische strukturen einer westtschadischen sprache .
European University Series , Asian and African Studies 27 .
Berlin : Peter Lang .
External links Roger Blench , Ron Comparative WordlistRoger Blench , Dictionary of Lis ma Run ( Ron of Bokkos )
Jens Kolding ( born 12 July 1952 ) is a Danish former footballer who played for B93 and Brøndby in Denmark , and Roda JC in the Netherlands , as a striker .
He played six games for the Denmark national football team from 1973 to 1981 .
Kolding played a total 64 games for Brøndby IF in all competitions .
References
Daniel Zajfman ( Hebrew : דניאל זייפמן - born June 7 , 1959 ) is an Israeli physicist whose main research interests are centered on the Physics of simple molecular ions .
On December 1 , 2006 he was elected as the tenth president of the Weizmann Institute .
Early life Daniel Zajfman was born in Brussels , Belgium .
He joined the Hashomer Hatzair movement while studying at the Athénée Robert Catteau .
In 1979 he emigrated to Israel where he met his wife Joëlle Hayoun .
In 1983 he graduated in Physics ( B.Sc . )
, at the Technion , Israel Institute of Technology , Haifa .
He continued his studies at the Technion and in 1989 received his PhD , in atomic physics .
He conducted his post-doctoral at the Argonne National Laboratory , Illinois , United States .
( 1989 -- 1991 ) Career In 1991 he returned to Israel and began his career as a senior Scientist at the Dept. of Particle Physics , ( Weizmann Institute of Science ) .
In 1997 , he was appointed Associate Professor and was promoted to Full professor in 2003 .
Since 2001 , he has been an external member of the Max Planck Institute for Nuclear Physics in Heidelberg , Germany , and in 2005 , he was appointed as a Director at this Max Planck Institute .
Research and patents His research focuses on the reaction dynamics of small molecules and how they influence the composition of the interstellar medium .
He recreates the conditions of outer space in the laboratory using special devices called ion ' traps ' or ' storage rings ' .
In these devices , he is able to briefly store and measure the properties of small amounts of material , as little as a few hundred atoms or molecules-worth , under the extreme conditions of interstellar space ( especially very low temperatures and low densities ) .
Some of his research has focused on the puzzle of how complex molecules are formed in outer space .
Patents A Device for Three dimensional ImagingA new method for Mass Spectrometry References External links Weizmann Institute President PageDaniel Zajfman professional page
Men of Vizion is an American R&B quintet that came to fame in 1996 , with the debut album , Personal , which featured the songs " House Keeper " and " Do Thangz " , produced by Teddy Riley and " Lil " Chris Smith .
Career The members of Men Of Vizion met at the LaGuardia High School of Music and Art .
Randolph was training to be a classical pianist and sang frequently around the city in a jazz ensemble .
Writing the first five part harmony selection for the group entitled " Kingdom On Top of The World " , Randolph remains a writer and producer residing in Dallas , Texas .
In 2007 , he opened The Vocal School of Texas .
Desmond Greggs not only sang but wrote and produced the group 's singles and albums .
The group started singing in gospel but later changed to R&B .
The group formed as a quintet with George Spencer III , Corley Randolph , Desmond Greggs , Brian Deramus & Courtney Bradley an original member who left the group early on .
Now a quartet started doing backup vocals and also danced with Queen Latifah along with high school classmate and actor Omar Epps .
They were originally called Vizion .
They then added eventual lead singer and Brooklyn native Prathan " Spanky " Williams .
During the early years , the band played at parties , entered talent shows and performed at local nightclubs .
Their persistence paid off when they were signed to Jade Productions .
With the support of new jack swing vocalist Teddy Riley , the group was eventually signed with MJJ Music .
As the group matured they changed their name to Men Of Vizion .
Replacement members Anthony Fuller , Dwayne Jones , and Michael Best appeared in the 1989 biographical-drama film , Lean on Me starring Morgan Freeman .
as members of the R&B group Riff.Their debut album , Personal , was released in 1996 .
Men of Vizion covered the 1977 Jackson Five hit " Show You the Way to Go . "
Deramus , Greggs and Randolph left the group after the first album 's release and Deramus and Greggs eventually formed a duo called The Kraft which Randolph joined soon after .
They were replaced by three members of the R&B Group Riff from Paterson , New Jersey ; Anthony " Chill " Fuller , his brother Dwayne " Stylz " Jones , and Michael " Nitty Green " Best , and the group released their second album MOV in 1999 .
Discography Albums Personal ( 1996 ) MJJ Music/SonyMOV ( 1999 ) MJJ Music/Sony Singles " House Keeper " ( US # 67 , R&B # 13 ) " Do You Feel Me ?
( ... Freak You ) " ( R&B # 45 ) Videography Lean on Me ( 1989 ) References External links Men of Vizion on Myspace
Scoriton is a small village in the county of Devon , England , and the main centre of habitation of the parish of West Buckfastleigh .
Description The village is close to the town of Buckfastleigh and is situated just inside the boundaries of Dartmoor National Park.The village consists largely of stone-built cottages , but there are also about 20 council houses , a farmhouse , and a popular inn , called The Tradesman 's Arms .
Faced with the closure of the inn in 2008 , four regulars decided to buy the property and reopen it .
The inn is still open as of November 2015 .
Transportation Bus line 672 of Country Bus Devon calls at The Tradesman 's Arms twice every Thursday ( except for public holidays ) : once at 10:11 towards Buckfastleigh , Ashburton , Seale , and Newton Abbot , and once at 14:15 towards Holne , Poundsgate , Ponsworthy , Widecombe , and Buckland-in-the-Moor .
Twinning The village is twinned with the commune of Fontaine-Henry , Calvados , France .
References External links Media related to Scorriton at Wikimedia Commons
The Crivobara River is a tributary of the Miniş River in Romania .
References Administrația Națională Apelor Române - Cadastrul Apelor - BucureștiInstitutul de Meteorologie și Hidrologie - Rîurile României - București 1971Trasee turistice - județul Timiș [ 1 ] Maps Harta județului Timiș [ 2 ]
Tiia Piili ( born April 16 , 1979 in Lappeenranta , Finland ) is a Finnish gymnast who has won the Federation of International Sports , Aerobics and Fitness ( FISAF ) sport aerobics World Championship four times .
Early life As a youngster , Piili pursued various sporting interests including ballet , rhythmic gymnastics , artistic gymnastics and tennis .
She also played the piano and had an interest in music and performance that she manifested as a member of a drama club and a circus club .
Her early interest in sports and music has been cited as a foundation for her future success in sports aerobics.At age fourteen , after seeing sports aerobic on television for the first time , she became strongly interested in the sport but was barred from participation because of her age .
At age sixteen she began training with the goal of competing when she turned eighteen .
However , to her fortune a novice category for athletes ages sixteen to eighteen was introduced to the Finnish Championships that very year .
Thus Piili was able to compete immediately .
Career After graduating from secondary school in Lappeenranta , Piili moved to the town of Jyväskylä in Central Finland to train .
She won her first World Championship in 2001 at a competition held in Agadir , Morocco .
While in Morocco for that competition , she consumed bacteria-tainted food and developed an infection in her back that impeded her training for a period .
She recovered and proceeded to win the 2004 World Championship in Adelaide , South Australia , the 2005 World Championship in Ghent , Belgium , and the 2006 World Championship in Rotterdam , Netherlands.In addition to her four World Championships , Piili is a four-time winner of the European Championship and a five-time winner of the Finnish Championship , and holds a total of fourteen World and European Championship medals.In 2004 , as the " most successful representative of Sports Aerobics " , Piili was selected as " Aerobic athlete of the year " by the Finnish Sports Federation .
She almost won the title of top Finnish athlete overall , but lost to the alpine skier Tanja Poutiainen.Piili has appeared twice on the Finnish game show Kymppitonni .
She also did a segment on the Finnish television show Fit 4 You in which she kickbikes up Paloheinä hill in Helsinki.She currently still lives in Jyväskylä , Central Finland .
References
Tiberianus was a 2nd-century Roman politician .
The Byzantine chronicler Johannes Malalas ( ed .
Dindorf , p. 273 ) speaks of him as governor of the first province of Palestine ( ἡγεμὼν τοῦ πρώτου Παλαιστίνων ἔθνους ) , in connection with the sojourn of Hadrian in Antioch ( 114 ) .
A similar notice may be found in Johannes Antiochenus ( In Müller , " Fragmenta Historicorum Græcorum , " iv .
580 , No. 111 ) and in Suda , s.v. Τραϊανός .
The designation " Palestina prima , " which came into use in the middle of the fourth century , gives a historical character to this notice .
These authors use a later designation for the earlier period .
See also List of Hasmonean and Herodian rulers References This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain : Singer , Isidore ; et al. , eds .
( 1901 -- 1906 ) . "
Procurators " .
Jewish Encyclopedia .
New York : Funk & Wagnalls Company .
Lithuanian Mint ( Lithuanian : Lietuvos monetų kalykla ) is the state-owned enterprise , responsible for the mintage of coins and decorations of Lithuania .
The shareholding is managed by the central bank of Lithuania .
Lithuanian mintage tradition traces its history back to Algirdas times , when in Vilnius , capital city of Lithuania , was established mint .
The mint was chosen to create the Lithuanian euro coins upon the country entering the Eurozone in 2015 .
External links [ 1 ] .
official web site .
The following is a chronological list of productions staged at the Derby Playhouse from 1975 to 2008 .
The Derby Playhouse was a theatre production company and the former name of the theatre which it owned and operated from its opening in 1975 until 2008 , when the company ceased operating after a period in administration .
Situated in Derby , England , the theatre is now known as the Derby Theatre and has been owned and operated by the University of Derby since 2009 .
List of past productions 1975 -- 2008 The list includes all Main House , in-house professional productions .
It does not include many Studio , Theatre in Education ( TIE ) , visiting professional or amateur performances , such as those of the Derby Gilbert & Sullivan Company , whose annual Gilbert and Sullivan shows played at the theatre from 1980 to 2003 and again after the theatre 's reopening in 2009 .
1970s 1975 My Fair LadyHamletLloyd George Knew My FatherSleeping Beauty 1976 Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are DeadA View from the BridgeCowardy CustardAn Ideal HusbandThe Seagull starring Alan BatesThe Norman ConquestsThe MiserEnter Sherlock HolmesJack and the Beanstalk 1977 SleuthMacbethA Taste of HoneyThe Importance of Being EarnestA Man for All SeasonsAbsurd Person SingularJoseph and the Amazing Technicolor DreamcoatEquusMother Goose 1978 Romeo and JulietPrivate LivesIrma La DouceHedda GablerWitness for the ProsecutionMrs .
Warren 's ProfessionGodspellJourney 's EndDick Whittington 1979 What the Butler SawMurdererBedroom FarceDonkeys ' YearsIn Praise of LoveOtherwise EngagedTen Times TableKing LearPrivates on ParadeAladdin 1980s 1980 An Inspector CallsCount DraculaLoot ( play ) Blithe SpiritThe School for ScandalWhose Life Is It Anyway?Murder with LoveRookery NookPygmalionCloudsRelatively SpeakingCinderella 1981 Funny PeculiarNight and DayFallen AngelsThe Case of the Oily LevantineHabeas CorpusSisterly FeelingsAll My SonsThe ConspiratorNo More Sitting on the Old School BenchThe Wizard of OzThe Adult Panto -- Studio 1982 Dr Jekyll and Mr HydeOnce a CatholicPiafSee How They RunWhen can I have a Banana Again -- StudioHappy as a SandbagThe Hitch-Hiker 's Guide to the GalaxyOperation Bad AppleMiddle Age SpreadThe Gingerbread ManDry Rot 1983 Having a Ball!The Resistible Rise of Arturo UiPlay It Again , SamThe Elephant ManPresent LaughterHaving a Ball!Educating RitaJulius CaesarTaking StepsPinocchioThe Ghost Train 1984 Dirty Linen and NewfoundlandThe Country WifeStags and HensTerra NovaFrench Without TearsDeathtrapTrafford TanziLove BitesSeason 's GreetingsThe Meg and Mog ShowCharley 's Aunt 1985 Breezeblock ParkThe Caucasian Chalk CircleThe Canterbury TalesBlood RelationsYou Never Can TellSeason 's GreetingsBlood BrothersOver the BarSteamingThe Snow Queen 1986 The Anastasia FileIntimate Exchanges : - Affairs in a Tent & A One Man ProtestSons of the BeachIntimate Exchanges : - A Pageant & A Game of GolfTom JonesThe Brewery BeanoIt 's a MadhouseCharlie and the Chocolate Factory 1987 Our Day OutA Midsummer Night 's DreamLand of Hope and GloriaWaiting for Godot -- StudioCider with RosieThe Innocent MistressThe Children 's HourGas LightThe Scatterbrained Scarecrow of Oz 1988 MasterpiecesA Doll 's HouseThe Dark at the Top of the StairsSunday 's ChildrenTime and the ConwaysPrivate LivesGerminalThe Queen of SpadesHansel and Gretel 1989 Entertaining Mr SloaneLove GamesTouchedNoises OffThe Piggy BankWicked Old Nellie by Lucy Gannon ( Studio and tour ) Heartbreak HouseThe Art of SuccessArsenic and Old LaceRobin Hood 1990s 1990 Glory!Selling the SizzleJane EyreSelf PortraitThe School for WivesTons of MoneyRebeccaDick Whittington and His Cat 1991 TeechersDouble DoubleHobson 's Choice , winner of the 1991 TMA Award for Best Overall Production.Last of the Red Hot Lovers84 Charing Cross RoadShe Stoops to ConquerHard Times -- Studio , Community TourDriving Miss DaisyMother Goose 1992 And a Nightingale SangMy Sister Next Door -- StudioOn the PisteThe InnocentsFar from the Madding CrowdBlithe SpiritGreaseDeath of a SalesmanWomen in Love -- Studio , Community TourOn the PisteAladdin 1993 Laurel and Hardy -- Studio , Community TourA Chorus of DisapprovalLittle Shop of HorrorsFrankie and Johnny in the Clair de Lune -- StudioChildren of a Lesser GodOutside EdgeA Slice of Saturday NightThe Lucky ChanceTwo -- StudioMy Cousin RachelCinderella 1994 April in Paris -- Tour in Hull TruckLes Liaisons DangereusesAn Evening with Gary LinekerSomeone Who 'll Watch Over Me -- StudioBlood MoneyPassion Killers -- co-production with Hull TruckCabaretThe Importance of Being EarnestHam -- StudioAbsurd Person SingularJack and the Beanstalk 1995 Richard IIIOur Boys -- co-production with Incidental Theatre .
Transferred to Donmar WarehouseOleannaHappy FamiliesAssassinsDerby 100 -- Derby Playhouse Community TheatreA Passionate Woman -- co-production with David Pugh Ltd. .
National TourThe Woman in Black -- co-production with P.W. Productions .
National TourComic Cuts -- co-production with Triptych/Salisbury PlayhouseRichard IIIDick Whittington and His Cat 1996 Tess of the d'Urbervilles -- co-production with Salisbury PlayhouseTime of My LifeMy Mother Said I Never Should -- StudioThe Rise and Fall of Little VoiceExtremitiesBuster 's Last Stand -- Derby Playhouse Community TheatreA Chorus LineGym and Tonic -- co-production with Thorndike TheatrePow ( play ) -- Studio , co-production with Paines PloughBlood Wedding -- co-production with Northern StageAladdin 1997 The RivalsNot a Game for BoysEleanor Rigby -- Derby Playhouse Youth TheatreMiss Julie -- StudioAdam BedeLips Together , Teeth ApartBy the Baseball Ground -- Derby Playhouse Community TheatreThe Grapevine'Tis Pity She 's a WhoreMr WonderfulThree Viewings -- StudioThe Subtle Art of Boiling Lobsters -- StudioFemale , 29 , GSOH -- StudioPrice of a Good Dinner -- StudioSleeping Beauty 1998 Taking StepsThe Oedipus Plays -- Derby Playhouse Youth TheatreMother Courage -- co-production with Edinburgh Royal Lyceum TheatreLucky SodsThe Glass MenagerieOff Yer Trolley -- Derby Playhouse Community TheatreBlues in the NightThe Collector -- co-production with Edinburgh Royal Lyceum TheatreAnna Karenina -- co-production with Shared ExperienceKrapp 's Last Tape -- Studio , co-production with RSCThe Black Dahlia -- co-production with Method and MadnessBabes in the Wood 1999 BouncersTwelfth Night -- co-production with Northern BroadsidesComing of Age -- Derby Playhouse Youth TheatreThings Fall Apart -- co-production with The Performance Studio Workshop of NigeriaBoybandThe Ride Down Mt. MorganUnd -- Studio , co-production with The Wrestling SchoolBouncersThe Passion Play -- Derby Playhouse Community PlaySoul TrainWatching the Sand from the SeaMasquerade -- co-production with The State Small Theatre of VilniusMother Goose 2000s 2000 A Clockwork Orange -- co-production with Northern StageAnimal Farm -- co-production with Northern StagePerfect DaysShylock -- Studio , co-production with Guy Masterson ProductionsPericles -- Derby Playhouse Youth TheatreSpeaking in TonguesPerfect PitchNo Fishing !
-- Derby Playhouse Community TheatreGod and Stephen HawkingLeader of the Pack co-production with Churchill Theatre BromleySparkleshark -- co-production with the National TheatrePassing PlacesCinderella 2001 Lady Day at Emerson 's Bar and Grill -- StudioThe Contractor -- co-production with Oxford Stage CompanyThe Blue RoomTales of Hans Anderson -- Derby Playhouse Youth TheatreNineteen Eighty-Four -- co-production with Northern StageDanny BouncingAi n't Misbehavin ' Lady Day at Emerson 's Bar and Grill -- StudioThe School for ScandalOn the PisteJack and the BeanstalkA Life in the Theatre 2002 Great ExpectationsMisconceptionsClass of '77 -- Derby Playhouse Youth TheatreUp 'n' UnderThe Browning VersionWay UpstreamLife of Galileo -- Derby Playhouse Community TheatreDick Whittington 2003 Educating RitaMy Dad 's Corner Shop by Ray Grewal ( The play won Grewal the Meyer-Whitworth Award in 2001 .
This was its first main-stage production ) Viking Tales -- Derby Playhouse Youth TheatreThe EntertainerOh , What a Lovely War !
-- Pro & Derby Playhouse Community TheatreBlithe SpiritDraculaLootA Christmas Carol 2004 Shirley ValentinePrivate LivesJosefina -- Derby Playhouse Youth TheatreSweeney Todd : The Demon Barber of Fleet StreetA Midsummer Night 's DreamSilver Ghosts & Spitfires -- Derby Playhouse Community TheatreAmadeusFrankensteinKafka 's DickMerlin & The Winter King 2005 Ca n't Pay ?
Wo n't Pay!Mary StuartHooray for Hollywood -- Derby Playhouse Youth TheatreCompanyRomeo and JulietBold Nelson 's Praise -- Derby Playhouse Community TheatreArsenic and Old LaceMacbethSerial KillersArabian Nights 2006 Henceforward ... Master ClassAnimal Farm -- Pro & Derby Playhouse Community TheatreInto the WoodsA Christmas Carol 2007 The Importance of Being EarnestJohnno , co-production with La Boite Theatre.Merrily We Roll AlongAs You Like ItThe Tempest -- Derby Playhouse Youth TheatreMoon Landing starring Glenn Carter ( world premiere ) Stepping OutTreasure Island , adapted by Karen Louise Hebden from the novel by Robert Louis Stevenson 2008 The Killing of Sister George starring Jenny Eclair and directed by Cal McCrystal .
References External links Derby Playhouse official website ( no longer updated ) Past versions of the official website dating back to 2001 archived on the Wayback Machine .
" The Inverted Forest " is a novella by J. D. Salinger , first published in Cosmopolitan magazine in December 1947 , and republished in Cosmopolitan 's " Diamond Jubilee " issue in March 1961 .
The story marked the start of Salinger 's focus on the poet as a distinguished creative genius , and on the impossibilities he finds when trying to adapt to society .
Plot summary The story opens with a diary entry from an eleven-year-old Corinne von Nordhoffen , heiress to a large orthopedic supply company .
The young girl laments at the fact that while others have offered her gifts for her birthday the real present she wants is Raymond Ford .
On the night of her birthday , she waits in vain for him to show .
Her driver is directed to head to Ford 's house , across town .
When they arrive at the address all they see is a closed restaurant but realize that in fact Ford lives upstairs , with his mother .
Corinne talks with Ford briefly as he suddenly exits the apartment with his mother who chides him for being slow .
He is carrying a large suitcase and when asked where he is going he says " I do n't know ... goodbye . "
At seventeen Corinne was a beautiful but naive student attending Wellesley College .
After graduating she goes to Europe and meets many men .
One boyfriend dies in a car accident and Corinne moves to New York City to a " darling , overpriced apartment in the East Sixties . "
She gets a job after contacting an old friend from college , Robert Waner ( who we learn is narrating the story ) .
Waner sets her up as an editor at a magazine .
He proposes to her and she rejects him .
After some months of working for him Waner introduces her to the work of a poet ( specifically a book of poems called The Cowardly Morning ) whose works are " Coleridge and Blake and Rilke all in one , and more . "
The first poem is the title poem , Corinne reads it and " felt sorry for the poet for having her as a reader . "
She reads through it again and begins to appreciate the symbolism : Not a wasteland , but a great inverted forest/with all the foliage underground.Corinne is floored by the poem , calls Waner and tries to get more information on the poet .
His name is Ray Ford , twice winner of a prestigious fellowship and an instructor at Columbia University ( the same college Salinger 's Seymour Glass teaches at ) .
Corinne arranges a meeting with Ford , where he tells her what happened to him .
As a young man he worked at a smoky race track , running bets for people .
He is befriended by a woman who begins to write poems he must read on scraps of paper .
Following her advice , he reads them ( using her library ) , then memorizes them , until he has a volume of poetry in his mind .
His vision impaired , Ford writes his own poems at this point , with large block lettering .
Ford explains that the poetry emerged from him slowly , and with the pain of his life at that time.Corinne is mesmerized by Raymond Ford and initiates a romantic relationship .
The two of them meet regularly at a Chinese food restaurant and talk .
She invites him to a party .
Reluctantly , he accepts .
While there he is quiet until he starts on a poet he admires and impresses the academics at the party without showing off his genius.Soon after she and Ford are married , Corinne receives a letter in the mail .
It is from a Mary Croft , who had noticed the wedding announcement in the New York Times and who wants Ford to read some of her poetry .
Corinne invites Croft to their house .
When she arrives Ford dismisses her work and asserts " a poet does n't invent his poetry -- he finds it . "
Ford and Corinne 's relationship begins to crack under the stress of the poet 's dedication to his work and introspection .
Ford leaves Corinne ; later , following a lead from a man who turns out to be Croft 's estranged husband , Corinne finds Ford living with Croft .
Among other things , Croft 's husband reveals that his wife is older than she appears ( a woman of 31 , not a college girl of 20 , as she 'd claimed to be ) , and the negligent mother of a ten-year-old son.Ford lives with Croft in a large Pennsylvania city , in a dilapidated apartment bereft of literature .
He is drinking a highball when Corinne shows up to see him .
